{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Terry brought the lights up on schedule while I started up both coffee machines.  Between the lights, activity, and caffeinated aroma, most passengers were already awake by the time Captain Lawrence got on the PA.\
\'93Good morning everyone and welcome to Florida.  We hope you got some good sleep through last night\'92s weather\'97we did our best to keep it smooth.  We\'92re a half-hour out from Miami International, where the weather is clear and the locals think it\'92s cold at 72 degrees.\'94\
That earned him sleepy chuckles which probably woke up a few more passengers.\
\'93The high for today is 80 and we\'92re looking at beautiful sunny weather all day.  We\'92re going to start our descent in about fifteen minutes.\'94\
The Coach galley arrival clock read 6:35.\
I didn\'92t know the exact time of the first explosion, but I had the last two hours to think about it.\
The guy in the business suit who had asked for a towel had done so as the line for the lavatories had gotten bad.  The line picked up when everyone had heard the announcement Lawrence had just given.  Sure enough, a half-dozen passengers had gotten up and started filing back towards me.\
Instead of ferrying coffee and other beverages this time, I left that up to Terry.  I told him I\'92d make drinks for him while also keeping the lavatory line in order.  He\'92d looked dubious but hadn\'92t argued.\
I wanted to be back in the galley when it happened.  It would give me the best view of events, which I hoped would lead to some sort of clue about what I was supposed to do next.\
For every person who left the lavatories and squeezed their way out past the line, another person got out of their seat and kept the queue from shrinking.  Without realizing how much time had passed, I looked up to find the business-suited man in front of me.\
\'93Excuse me, miss,\'94 he said in a voice that went from normal volume to a whisper.  \'93Lily.  I was wondering if you could do me a favor.\'94  He stepped into the galley with me, a tight enough fit when I know the other person.\
I knew what he wanted, but I had to let it play out.  It took an act of will to not look at the clocks to mark the time, which might have been misinterpreted by the man.\
\'93How\'92s that, sir?\'94\
\'93I wanted to wash my face, but I don\'92t want to take up a space in line from someone who really needs it.  Do you think I could get a towel from First Class?\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry, sir, but First Class isn\'92t offering towel service today.\'94\
He looked surprised.\
\'93Are you sure?\'94\
\'93Yes, sir.\'94  I put my hand on his shoulder, turning us both back to the aisle.  \'93But the line is moving quick.  I think you\'92ll be okay to take a moment in the washroom.\'94\
He looked like he wanted to say something, but thought better of it and squeezed his way out to then turn and step back into line.}