{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I\'92ve got it figured out.\
It took me well into beverage service, but I figured out the commonality between the three explosions.\
At the time of the third explosion I was walking forward to First Class and was almost to the Smoking section.  Terry was working his way backwards to meet me.  Pamela was in First Class.\
For the second explosion I was in a tail lavatory, while Terry and Pamela were in First Class.\
The first explosion found Pamela and me in First Class.  I don\'92t know exactly where Terry was, but I had a good guess: the galley or a lavatory.  I can\'92t prove it, but it\'92s probable.  We\'92ve had the same passengers use the lavatories each day, so it was likely the same person disabling the smoke detector each morning.  Or just as likely, maybe he was walking around collecting trash and was in the same place I\'92d just been.\
In all three cases, the flight attendants were out of view of the aft portion of Coach.  None of us could see the explosion.  The common thread isn\'92t 
\i when
\i0  the explosion happened but 
\i who
\i0  wasn\'92t around to see it.\
It\'92s the only thing that fits.\
It also explains the variable timing: the bomber was waiting to detonate only when they couldn\'92t be seen.\
The thing I haven\'92t figured out is how to see what the bomber doesn\'92t want me to see.  The location of the explosion is well-chosen if sight lines are a consideration.  If I\'92m standing with my back to the aft galley wall, I can\'92t see more than a few inches of 27C, the seat on the aisle.  With the wall where it is, I\'92d have to be standing almost in line with row 27 to be able to see 27A.\
I can\'92t see it from the front, either.  The curtain separating Smoking from Non is a brown and gold number heavy enough to keep most smoke out but sheer enough to be able to see general outlines on the opposite side.  The 707 doesn\'92t have the mid-body galley that some of the 747 builds use, so there isn\'92t anywhere to stand between the fore and aft galleys where I wouldn\'92t look conspicuous.\
I\'92ve got two and a half hours before we\'92re clear of the weather.  In that time I need to come up with a way to see what someone doesn\'92t want me to see.}