{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I was bored one night in flight attendant school and figured out that it would take something under three minutes to fall from the cruising altitude of a 707.  Row 27 has fallen through the fuselage each time.  I don\'92t want to think about how awful those three minutes must be for those people, buckled into an uncomfortable foam and aluminum seat that\'92s plummeting to the ground.\
Between beverage service and lights-out I pulled the manifest ruse again and filled in a new half-dozen names.  This time I focused on the six people on the port size of rows 26 and 27, seats A through C.  I thought it would help me connect with the people in row 27.  I also considered that someone in 26 could have slid a bomb under their seat and kicked it backwards to 27.\
The three ladies in 26 have different last names, but I\'92ve seen them chatting and comfortable with each other.  The manifest lists them as Lydia Horne in 26A, Abigail Tremont in 26B, and Katherine Montgomery in 26C.  Each of them seems to be somewhere in their late forties, or maybe early fifties.\
Row 27 is easier: the businesswoman in 27A is Irene Peters, while both the father and son are listed as Harold Grant, presumably Junior in 27B and Senior in 27C.  Harold Jr. looks to be several year older than me, probably early thirties.  Harold Sr. looks very good for his age\'97I would have guessed mid-forties if his son hadn\'92t been sitting next to him, but early fifties was more likely.\
The departure clock in the First Class galley showed 10:20 as I headed back to Coach.  We would hit weather at 10:44 and turn off the lights a few minutes later.  More than half of the passengers were already asleep as I passed through.\
The ladies of row 26 were fussing with pillows and blankets, all still awake.  Harold Sr. was still with his head back, either asleep or close.  Harold Jr. was thumbing halfheartedly through a magazine and yawning.  Irene already had her briefcase on her lap and was reading through her stack of papers.\
I didn\'92t see any obvious openings, so I decided to go fishing.\
\'93Ladies,\'94 I addressed row 26, \'93is there anything I can do to help you get comfortable?\'94\
From the middle seat Abigail gave me a wry smile and paused her fidgeting with her pillow.  \'93Have you got a secret button that will let these seats fold farther back?\'94  Her tone was half-kidding, half-not.\
I\'92ve heard more variations on this than you can count.  There\'92s no good answer, so I\'92ve learned to deflect with some humor.\
\'93Sure, but then you\'92d have your head in his lap,\'94 I pointed to Harold Jr. sitting behind her, then to the row in front of her, \'93and they\'92d have their heads in your laps.\'94\
Abigail raised an eyebrow and turned, dislodging her pillow.  She appraised Harold Jr. through the gap in the seats, then lifted herself to see over her seat at Harold Sr.  She gave a small \'93not bad\'94 twist to her smile, and faced forward.  She made a show of pushing the button on her armrest and slowly lowering her seat back.\
\'93Hey, I\'92m game,\'94 she said.\
Lydia\'92s eyes bulged and she covered her mouth.  Katherine snorted out a laugh and slapped at Abigail\'92s hand.  \'93Abby!\'94  She faced me and said, \'93Don\'92t mind her, she\'92s just tipsy.\'94\
Abigail, Abby, pshawed her friend and returned to arranging her pillow.\
\'93How is the temperature?\'94  I asked.  \'93Can I get anyone an extra blanket?\'94\
Katherine, clearly the leader, looked at her two friends.  Abby started to say something, but quieted as Katherine leaned over and tucked Abby\'92s blanket around her, cocooning her in place.\
\'93No, I think we\'92re fine here.  Thank you, though.\'94\
\'93Of course.  Sleep tight, ladies.\'94\
I stepped to 27 and addressed Harold Jr. and Irene.\
\'93Anything for you two?\'94\
Junior had overheard at least some of the conversation as he was shaking his head at the ladies in 26.  He put his magazine into the back of the seat in front of him, careful not to disturb Abby.\
\'93Actually, an extra blanket sounds good,\'94 he said.\
I pulled one from the storage closet and passed it to him.  He unfolded it and draped it across his father.  The older man stirred but did not wake.  It was a very sweet gesture and I gained a more genuine smile than I\'92ve had in a while.\
\'93Ms. Peters?  Anything for you?\'94\
I hadn\'92t meant to use her name, but I\'92d been checking off their names in my head, trying to reinforce them in my memory.  It just came out.  She didn\'92t seem to notice or care.  Actually, she looked up in that slow manner that indicated she\'92d barely heard me.\
\'93Hmm?\'94 she said.\
\'93Do you need anything before lights out?  Extra blanket?  If you\'92ll be up all night, I could get you some coffee.\'94\
\'93That\'92s so sweet.  I hope I won\'92t be up too much longer, but thank you.\'94\
I couldn\'92t tell her that she was wrong, nor could I think of anything else to say, so I nodded and walked back to the galley.\
It wasn\'92t the most fruitful of exercises.  I didn\'92t get any more back story on any of them.  If I\'92m being generous I\'92d say that I got a few insights into their personalities that might make it easier to tack on future memories.  But that\'92s a stretch.\

\i You\'92ll get more on the next loop.
\i0 \
It occurs to me that I\'92m a few hours into loop three.  That means I\'92ve been at this for something like 24 hours straight already.  My headache and appetite continue to grow, but my alertness and fatigue seem to reset with each loop.  Well, for the most part, anyway.\
It\'92s a vague inkling right now, but I have the sense that it\'92s getting harder to keep a train of thought.  With all of the input I\'92m trying to keep track of, and juggling and sorting three and four versions of the same events, I guess I shouldn\'92t be surprised that I\'92m distracted.\
For now I\'92m going back to my consideration of sight lines.\
I grabbed some aspirin from the galley and settled into my jump seat to wait out the weather.}