{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 The 12:55 
\i ding!
\i0  sounded, releasing me from my confinement in my jump seat.  Two hours of thinking hadn\'92t gotten me any further along, though it had put me in something of a funk.\
Jim Duchesne was making his way down the aisle as I stepped into the galley.  We shared a smile as he passed.\
I needed a distraction, and I needed something solid and different about this loop to anchor my memories.  When Jim exited the lab I almost pounced on him.\
\'93Mr. Duchesne.  Jim,\'94 I said to get his attention.\
He didn\'92t say anything to me, but paused expectantly, leaning against the bulkhead.\
\'93Is there anything I can do for you?\'94\
\'93What do you mean?\'94  His brow furrowed at the unexpected question.\
\'93I\'92ve seen the,\'94 I paused and looked back toward the tail, \'93schedule you keep.  I didn\'92t know if there was anything I could do to make your flight easier.  Something for your stomach, perhaps?\'94\
He frowned, though after a moment I realized it wasn\'92t directed at me.\
\'93No, missy, there\'92s nothing you can do.  It\'92s just the same problem any old man has.  I shouldn\'92t have had so much to drink\'97it certainly didn\'92t help.\'94\
I flashed back to our first encounter when he stole a few drinks off my cart.  It happened before the loop, so I hadn\'92t given it much thought.\
\'93Shouldn\'92t have made it a double?\'94  I joked with him, trying to erase the frown.\
\'93Heh.  Old habits.\'94\
\'93That was pretty smooth, by the way.  I could see the bottles were missing, but I never saw you take them.\'94\
He shot me an eyebrow that I thought was going to lead to a denial, but he broke down and smiled.  He held up one finger and pulled an empty rum bottle from his battered old sport coat with his right hand.\
I reached for it out of habit.  \'93I can take care of\'97\'94\
By the time my hand touched his the bottle was gone.  I was watching the whole time and I have no idea how he did it.  One moment it was there and the next there was nothing but air.\
My hand dropped back to the counter top.  \'93How did\'97\'94\
He pointed with his right hand to his left.  It was balled into a fist, which then uncurled to reveal the bottle that had disappeared.  He balled his left into a fist again, then repeated the uncurling to show an empty palm, turning his hand upside down for effect.  He pointed left to right, revealing the bottle with a flourish.\
I replayed the last few seconds in my head and was almost certain his two hands had never been near each other.\
I awarded him with the tiniest, quietest golf clap of appreciation.  \'93Bravo, sir.\'94\
I had a flash of insight.\
\'93Wait, you took two bottles earlier.\'94\
He touched his right index finger to the side of his nose.  \'93You were paying attention!\'94  Both fists uncurled to reveal two bottles, which he offered to me.\
I went to throw them in the trash but reconsidered.\
\'93Could you teach me how to do that?\'94\
\'93Hmm,\'94 he pondered, looking at me with a surprisingly intense gaze.  \'93Let me see your hands.\'94  He held his own palms up between us.\
I followed suit, not thinking twice.\
He pointed at my hands and asked \'93May I?\'94\
I nodded my assent.  He took my each of my hands into his own, turning it up then down, spreading my fingers and grouping them together.\
\'93You won\'92t be able to palm the bottles, but we could start off with something easier.\'94  He fished in his coat\'92s breast pocket and came out with a quarter.  \'93Watch.\'94\
He did the same curl-and-uncurl flourish with his hand, disappearing and reappearing the quarter.  The first two were at full speed, while the next two were much slower.  On the last vanish he turned his hand palm-down while he still had it open.  The quarter was wedged between his ring finger and pinky by its edge, just enough to keep it from falling out but not enough to be visible when looking at his open palm.\
He curled and uncurled his fingers a few more times, showing me how the quarter dropped into his palm when he curled, then slid out to be caught as he uncurled.  He was able to catch it between any two fingers and demonstrated each.\
He handed me the quarter.  \'93You try.\'94\
Hilarity ensued from my attempts.  It turns out that palming and vanishing objects takes a great deal of manual dexterity that I don\'92t have.  I made progress, but it was clearly something that was going to take time.\
\'93Where did you learn to do that?\'94 I asked.\
Jim smiled and his eyes unfocused.\
\'93My father took me to see Houdini when I was a nine years old.  His show had a number of great escapes and illusions, but between these he would do little things like card tricks and sleight of hand.  I was a changed boy who dreamed of growing up to be as great as Houdini.\'94\
\'93My father was supportive of my hobby, giving me many books about magic.  But we were not a wealthy family who could afford to risk the career of a stage magician.  Instead, I got a paying job in the factory where my brothers worked.  I never stopped practicing my magic, though.  I would amuse the other workers at lunch by making their food disappear.  And even today I perform magic for the children at my church to show them the miracles of God.\'94\
I caught the quarter as it once again slipped through my fingers.\
\'93Do you have a stage name?\'94\
He gave me that same intense look, this time shaking his head.\
\'93I did, but it was picked out by a young boy and maybe not as impressive as he thought it would be.\'94\
\'93Oh really?\'94\
He didn\'92t say anything, only smiled.\
\'93Look at the time,\'94 I said.  The departure clock read 1:19.  \'93I\'92m so sorry for keeping you up.\'94  I offered the quarter back to him.\
\'93Keep it and practice,\'94 he said, beginning his shuffle back up the aisle.\
I kept pace with him and helped him settle into his seat.  We got his seat reclined and his pillow how he wanted.  I tucked his blanket around his shoulders for him.\
\'93Sleep tight, Jim.  Wake up call is in just a few hours.\'94\
He nodded and closed his eyes, head rolling to the side moments later.  The poor guy\'97I really hadn\'92t meant to keep him on his feet for twenty minutes.\
The quarter was warm in my hand.  I fiddled with it as I walked back to the galley.  It felt good to have a small physical task while my brain ran in a million directions.  I still hadn\'92t worked out how to see the explosion without being a part of it, much less how to do so without being noticed.}