{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I felt the reset happen and was ready for it.  I snapped back to the drink cart with only a gasp and a slight buckling of the knees.  I felt like I had stuck the landing, but Terry noticed.\
\'93Everything all right?\'94\
The headache and hunger kicked in.  I could feel my hear ratchet up from calm.  I put a finger across my lips and threw my eyes at the passengers.\
\'93I\'92m thinking,\'94 I said as I stepped backward to put my back against the storage closet door, \'93that I probably overstocked the rum.\'94\
I opened the coat closet door as quietly as I could, continuing to talk as I flipped through the hanging clothes.\
\'93We should swap it out for vodka so it doesn\'92t keep everyone awake.\'94\
Terry stared at me, unmoving.  I found the coat I was looking for: avocado green cashmere.  I pulled it free and slid the door shut, hooking a finger at Terry to follow me down the aisle to the jump seats.  I tapped the drink cart brakes free and slid it to block the aisle before relocking it.\
Terry looked mystified, whispering \'93What is going on?\'94\
\'93I think Irene Peters in 27A has a bomb.\'94\
\'93What?\'94 he yelled, then covered his mouth.\
I looked at him with eyes wide, trying to underline how critical it was that he be quiet.\
\'93I don\'92t know why she\'92s doing it, but she has a parachute sewn into her coat.  Feel how heavy it is,\'94 I said, holding out the coat to him.  I\'92d noticed its heft before, but I can\'92t believe I\'92d ignored it.\
Terry looked skeptical, then lifted the coat by the collar.  \'93So it\'92s got a winter lining.  So what?\'94\
\'93Let\'92s see,\'94 I said as I started to search around the edges of the rough nylon interior.  Nothing was apparent, which frustrated me.  I know what I saw.\
\'93Wait\'97\'94 Terry started to say.\
A growl escaped my lips.  I grabbed the nylon in one hand and the cashmere in the other and yanked as hard as I could.  A seam gave way, easier than I was expecting, ripping apart the fabrics from collar to hem in a single motion.  A stream of black nylon poured out onto the floor from between the two layers.\
Terry gasped.  \'93How did you know?\'94\
I couldn\'92t come up with an answer that would make any sense, so I ignored the question.  \'93We need to tell the cockpit.\'94\
Terry\'92s eyes were wide, locked on the pile of cloth at our feet.\
\'93Terry!\'94 I hissed at him.  He turned his head to look at me, but his mind was stuck on the parachute, his eyes unseeing.  I grabbed his shoulders and stared at him.  \'93Come on, Terry!\'94\
A flash of insight hit and I turned to open a lavatory.  I scooped up the nylon, shoveling it a hunk at a time through the doorway.  There was far more fabric than should have been possible.  Terry stood there, shaking his head.\
\'93We need to lock this,\'94 I said, crossing to the storage closet to get the key.  The aisle was clear, but a few passengers were turned to look back in our direction.  I locked the door, putting the key in my pocket instead of returning it to the closet.\
I grabbed the PA mic and toggled it active.\
\'93Ladies and gentlemen, we\'92re having some trouble with the wheels on the beverage cart.  It\'92s blocking the aisle back here, so please remain in your seats for now.  Give us just a few more minutes and we\'92ll get it straightened out.\'94\
That seemed to appease a few passengers, though not all.\
I hung up the PA mic and pulled the telephone handset off the wall, punching the button to ring the First Class galley.  Pamela picked up after several seconds, as Terry shuffled into the galley next to me.\
\'93First Class,\'94 she answered.\
\'93We have a sandstorm.  I\'92m coming up.\'94\
The line was silent for a beat before Pamela responded with \'93Acknowledged\'94 and hung up.\
Terry was alert, back to normal.\
\'93Stay here,\'94 I told him.  \'93Don\'92t let anyone back here.  If she gets up, don\'92t confront her.  She doesn\'92t know we\'92re onto her.\'94\
\'93Right,\'94 he said, nodding.\
I hustled it up to the cockpit, grabbing Pamela as I went.  We squeezed in behind the vacant Navigator\'92s chair and closed the door behind us.  Lawrence and Simon rotated in their seats to look at us.  I couldn\'92t think of a way to sugarcoat it, so I blurted it out.\
\'93A passenger has brought a bomb on board.\'94\
Pamela gasped and covered her mouth.  Lawrence and Simon looked at each other but didn\'92t say anything.\
\'93Irene Peters in 27A,\'94 I continued, \'93is planning to detonate her bomb somewhere between Texas and Florida.\'94\
Lawrence spoke first.  \'93How do you know this?\'94\
This is my fourth loop.  Since I figured out there was a bomb, I\'92ve known that this conversation would have to happen sooner or later.  I\'92ve had hours to work through my story.\
\'93It\'92s why I was pulled away during boarding,\'94 I lied, \'93and why we were delayed for ninety minutes.  I was being briefed on the situation.\'94\
\'93Why you?\'94 asked Simon?\
I\'92d anticipated this question, but hadn\'92t been able to come up with a believable answer.  \'93I can\'92t tell you that, sorry.  You\'92re not cleared.\'94\
The pilots shared another look.  Pamela stared at me like she\'92d never seen me before.\
\'93We need to divert,\'94 said Lawrence, turning back to his instruments and reaching toward a panel marked RADIO.\
\'93Wait,\'94 I commanded, \'93stop.  It\'92s not that simple.\'94\
\'93Why not?\'94 asked Lawrence, facing me but keeping his hand an inch from the panel.\
\'93She\'92s smart and she has a detonator.  If she knows we\'92re diverting, I don\'92t know what she\'92ll do.  And if you call this in the guys on the ground are going to try to tell us what to do.  They don\'92t have all the details, so we can\'92t let that happen until we\'92re ready.\'94\
Lawrence didn\'92t like this at all.  \'93What exactly do you expect us to do?\'94\
\'93We need to subdue her so she can\'92t detonate the bomb.  And I think it needs to be just the cabin crew\'97if she sees you two back there she may figure out that something is happening.\'94\
Lawrence liked this even less.\
\'93You two need to be up here.  I was told that if she detonates where she\'92s seated, it could cause the aircraft to spin.\'94  I flattened my right hand out in front of all of us, rotating it to the left and sliding it through space.  \'93If that happens, it will take both of you to recover.\'94\
I figured if I was going to do this, I was going to go all the way.  I broke away from my script.\
\'93And it\'92s even more complicated than that.\'94  I held up my hands in a placating gesture.  \'93We need to do it without any of the other passengers knowing.  We can\'92t start a scene.\'94\
\'93What?\'94 Lawrence started to get angry.\
\'93Mary Hamilton in 18E has a life-threatening heart condition.  If there\'92s a panic, she\'92s likely to have an arrest.\'94\
Simon swore under his breath, while Pamela gasped and covered her mouth again.\
Lawrence stared at me, the muscles in his jaw working.  He spoke through his teeth.\
\'93What\'92s your plan?\'94\
}