{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Beverage service was interesting.\
Terry was distracted, disengaged from what he was doing.  This was the fifth time I\'92d worked with him on this service and I\'92d gotten used to hearing his lip service about Bloody Marys.  This time there was none and except for taking orders he worked almost in silence.  This threw off our alcohol balance, twice causing him to go back to the galley to restock.\
However, the reduced cross-selling did speed up the service.  We managed to recoup the time I\'92d lost in the cockpit.  We had the galley cleaned and battened down for weather with plenty of time to spare, and I took the time to down a trio of aspirin.\
I filled Terry in on the situation while we waited out the weather.  Strapped into the aft jump seats, we had two hours to come up with a plan.  After my last plan with the oxygen bottle had ended with me dropping away from a still-flying aircraft, I appreciated having a second brain on the problem.  I found it tough to talk my way around the things I couldn\'92t possibly know, from Terry\'92s perspective.\
We continued as normal until the weather cleared, at which point I walked up to the cockpit and explained the plan to the others.  Two things were unanimous and clear.  First, no one liked the plan.  Second, no one could come up with anything better.\
The clocks read 1:15 and 4:15 as I started my walk back to Coach.  Nonchalant, I set a casual pace, checking on passengers as I went, just like any normal walk-through.  Dearborn was awake in 18 and smiled at me as I passed.  I saw that Mary was still breathing, slow and deep.  Jim Duchesne was already asleep, leaving Irene as the only other person awake in Coach.  She didn\'92t look up as I passed her.\
The minutes ticked by and I started making coffee, adding some cold water at the end to reduce the temperature from scalding to uncomfortable.  Terry and I stood together in the galley, watching the clocks.\
We hit twenty-five after and Terry announced, just a little too loud, \'93I\'92m going to take some coffee to Pamela and then I\'92m going to go on break.\'94\
\'93Sounds good,\'94 I said.  \'93I\'92ve got things back here.\'94\
Terry walked up the aisle, an untied apron slung over his shoulder and a coffee cup held in each hand.  I watched him go, waiting for the curtains of the Smoking section to close behind him.\
I took the cup of not-quite-scalding coffee and stepped to row 27.\
\'93Ma\'92am,\'94 I said to Irene, waiting for her to look up at me before offering her the coffee cup.  \'93I just made a fresh pot.  You look like you\'92re going to be up for a while?\'94\
\'93Oh, you\'92re so sweet,\'94 she said, reaching for the cup.\
I moved to meet her half-way, but released the cup a fraction of a second too soon, just over her leg.  The cup tumbled in the air and she almost caught it, but it hit her thigh and splashed coffee in a wide spray.\
She started, seizing the cup before it could flip and spill even more liquid across her.\
I gasped and immediately started apologizing.  \'93I am so, so sorry.  And your lovely blouse.\'94\
She recovered and started to interject.  \'93It\'92s fine\'97\'94\
\'93No, I can fix this.  I have plenty of club soda.\'94  I beckoned her to follow me.  \'93And some towels.  Come on, quick!\'94\
She looked at me and the pile of papers, some of which had a few drops of coffee but were mostly clean.  Her top had taken the brunt of the blast.  She sighed as I continued to whisper apologies, packing everything back into her suitcase and setting it on the floor.\
Irene unbuckled and stood, running canals of unabsorbed coffee off her lap.  She wedged herself past the still-sleeping Harolds, each of whom stirred with her passing.\
I stepped back into the aisle, then the galley.  She followed, exasperated but tolerant.  I started pulling out towels and plastic bottles of club soda, in  hurry but not too fast.  She needed to stay focused on me for 30 seconds.\
\'93I just don\'92t know how that happened,\'94 I prattled as I handed her a dry towel.  \'93Pat, don\'92t scrub.  I am so sorry.  The airline will have all of it cleaned and mailed to you, of course.\'94  I poured club soda over a towel and rung it out into the sink.  Holding it next to the brown streaks running down her legs I asked, \'93May I?\'94\
She nodded, not saying anything.  I squatted and dabbed at her pants while she worked on her blouse.\
\'93We\'92ve got several more hours before we land.  If this sets it will never come out.  Actually, I don\'92t think this is going to work.\'94\
I stood back up to face her.\
\'93I need to get this out before it\'92s too late.  You\'92re shorter than me, but not by much.\'94  I was also stockier and at least two sizes larger, but there was no need to say aloud what we could both see.  \'93I have a blouse and pants in my carry-on that you can change into while I wash these for you.  I can even dry them in an oven and have you back in them before we land.\'94\
\'93There\'92s no need for that,\'94 she said.  \'93They aren\'92t that precious\'97\'94\
Interrupting her, I kept her focused on me.\
\'93No, I insist.  This was all my fault, and I can fix it.  Here,\'94 I pointed to the galley wall by the exit door, \'93my bag\'92s stored over there.\'94\
I stepped around her and to the wall, keeping her attention toward the back of the aircraft.  She continued to protest but I waved her off.\
\'93No, that\'92s a very nice top and I refuse to have it ruined because I\'92m clumsy.  My bag is in here\'97\'94\
I didn\'92t get to finish, which was good because I was running out of ideas.\
Terry stepped in behind Irene.  He had his apron twisted into a thick cord, which he threw over Irene\'92s head and into her mouth, cutting off her ability to scream.  His eyes were wide, terrified of what he was doing.\
Irene\'92s head fell back and she flailed her arms around, looking for purchase on the smooth walls and closet door.\
Pamela stepped around Terry and grabbed for Irene\'92s harm.  In a calm voice meant to be soothing she said, \'93We\'92re not going to hurt you, Irene, but we can\'92t let you hurt ev\'97\'94\
In a blur of motion, Irene kicked off the wall and knocked Terry off balance into Pamela.  The apron came out of her mouth and she hissed something in a language I didn\'92t understand.  Her hands found the apron, now around her neck, and yanked it free of Terry\'92s grip as he struggled to stay upright.\
\'93Idiots!\'94 Irene spat at us, her Southern accent gone, replaced by something vaguely European.  \'93Amateurs!\'94  She clamped both of her hands around one of Pamela\'92s wrists and twisted, wrenching Pamela\'92s arm and forcing her to hunch over to relieve the pressure.  Irene dropped into a rotating squat, spinning Pamela back into Terry, who had just managed to regain his balance.  The flight attendants tumbled into a mass of limbs on the floor int front of the galley.\
As Irene turned her back to me I dove at her, intending to wrap my arms around hers and keep her on the ground until the other two could get up.  She must have anticipated my move as she rolled away just enough out of range that I couldn\'92t get purchase on her as I slammed into the wall.  My head snapped back and I saw only red.\
When my vision cleared I felt a pressure on my neck.  My eyes opened to find Irene standing above me, one high-heeled foot planted solidly below my jaw.\
\'93If you move,\'94 she snarled at Terry and Pamela who were pulling themselves to their feet, \'93I will break her neck.\'94\
It was the weirdest thing.  I didn\'92t dare to move, and even attempted to control my breathing.  My entire world was focused on not doing anything to provoke Irene.  But all I could think about was my stomach.  It boiled and gurgled, unhappy at me.  The three aspirin from earlier were eating into it, causing it to rebel, and the sandwich I\'92d had shortly after wasn\'92t helping very much.  In the perfect stillness that I wanted to present to Irene, my roiling stomach was a stark contrast.\
Pamela and Terry cowered in the galley, eyes locked below Irene\'92s waist.  I followed their gaze and saw the knife she held, shining silver blade standing out against her black tuxedo pants.  The tip pointed lazily in my direction, though it was the leg next the blade that was more threatening at the moment.\
She saw the three of us focused on her knife and leaned down to put her face in mine.\
\'93We\'92re going to move,\'94 she said, removing the foot on my neck and replacing it with the iron grip of her other hand.  She dragged me to my feet, cutting off my air and making my vision dim.  \'93Be smart and you will live.\'94\
The cold edge to her voice left me no doubt that she could deliver on that implied promise of violence.  I kept my hands limp at my side, despite the screaming urge to pry her fingers away from my windpipe.  My head pounded, but it was the headache and interrupted blood flow, not the drumbeat of a loop reset.\

\i Data.  You need data.
\i0 \
\'93Irene,\'94 I said, as calm as I could muster.  It came out a stilted cough.  \'93Talk to me.  Tell me what you want.\'94\
She squeezed, pointing her knife at my torso and pressing me into the wall.\
\'93Shut up.\'94\
My mouth went dry.  I tried to swallow but couldn\'92t.\
\'93I want,\'94 I croaked, \'93what you want.  Tell me \'85 what you want.\'94\
She held the point of the blade an inch from my left eye.  It was so close I couldn\'92t focus on it\'97it was just a steel blur.\
\'93Walk.\'94  She said, flicking the blade up the aisle.  \'93You two,\'94 she looked at Pamela and Terry without moving the knife, \'93are you going to be smart?\'94\
The pair nodded at her.  Her blade bobbed and indicated the back of the galley, so the two moved back against its far wall.\
\'93Forward,\'94 she said to me, relaxing her grip.\
I turned to walk forward and she let my neck spin in her hand.  I felt something cool press against the skin just below her thumb and got the hint.  She clamped down again to let me know to move.\
\'93Stay,\'94 I heard her hiss to the others.\
We walked slowly, a step at a time up the aisle.  I moved to draw aside the curtain to Smoking and she shifted her grip to crush my windpipe.\
\'93Stop,\'94 she whispered.  \'93The briefcase.  Quiet.\'94  She twisted me to the right so that I was staring down at Dearborn, Hamilton, and Keats.  I looked up to see the briefcase that had given me trouble earlier when trying to get to the purse.\
\'93What?\'94\
She punctuated each syllable with a tap of her blade against my skin.\
\'93Get.  The.  Case.  Qui-et-ly.\'94\
Reaching up to the overhead shelf, I did as she asked.  The case was heavy, its contents shifting as I took it.  None of the occupants of row 18 stirred.  Irene turned and walked us back to the galley.  Terry and Pamela had stepped into the aisle to watch us, but flattened themselves back against the galley bulkhead as we approached.\
\'93Stop,\'94 she whispered, moving around me to make herself visible to the other two.  \'93Both of you, move.\'94  She waved the knife below my ear, indicating the tail.\
Pamela and Terry stayed pressed against the wall, but worked their way around into the aisle.\
\'93In,\'94 Irene ordered, pointing the blade at the lavatories.  The two looked at her, then each other, and back to her.  \'93Now!\'94 she snapped.\
They obeyed, stepping through the closest two doors.\
\'93Close the doors until I tell you to come out.\'94\
Pamela looked like she was going to object, but was deterred by something she saw Irene do behind me.  Both flight attendants closed their doors.\
Irene twisted again, turning me toward the galley and pressing me forward.  I walked into the galley, where she released her grip.  I took a moment, then raised my free hand as slowly as I could, turning to face her.\
I saw that she had moved back to row 27 and was retrieving her own briefcase.  My mind groped around for something I could do to turn the tables\'97knocking the knife out of her hand with Dearborn\'92s briefcase being the common theme\'97but she was back in front of me too fast.  She held the knife at me and kicked her case across the floor.\
\'93Both on the counter,\'94 she said.\
I did as she asked, placing them side by side.\
\'93Put everything from there,\'94 she pointed to Dearborn\'92s case to the left, \'93into there,\'94 then to her own on the right.\
I hesitated, flustered at the strange request.  Faster than I could see, she arced the blade between us, slicing into the flesh of my palm.  I gasped, grabbing my injured left hand with my uninjured right.  The cut wasn\'92t deep, but was seeping blood within moments.  Irene pointed from Dearborn\'92s case then to hers, underlining her demand.\
I put my hands up in front of me, placating.\
I opened the case closest to me, hers, with its simple flip-clasps.  I found exactly what I expected: stacks of paper and manila folders, maybe a third full.\
Dearborn\'92s case was the opposite of Irene\'92s.  It was a cheap brown plastic and dingy chrome affair.  I stepped toward it and Irene mirrored my movement, stepping back from me.\
Dearborn\'92s case had keyed clasps.  Hoping they were unlocked, I tried to open them, to no avail.\
Irene saw and poked the knife back to the far corner of the galley.  I stepped back, putting my hands between us again.  In this position my palm leaked rivulets of hot blood down my wrist, creeping up my blouse to my elbow.\
Irene stabbed at one of the locks and twisted.  There was a pop and the cheap clasp snapped open.  She repeated the procedure on the other side.  The first attempt broke the tip off the blade.  The blunted edge did nothing to diminish its ferocity.  She tried again, succeeding and stepping back.\
Dearborn\'92s case was also full of manila folders and papers, wrapped in thick rubber bands to keep the latter inside the former.  None of the folders were labeled.  The folders themselves looked brand new, though the uneven edges of the papers within looked grey and worn.\
I picked up a folder from Dearborn\'92s case and was about to put it on top of the folders in Irene\'92s when she interrupted me.\
\'93Wait.  Remove those first,\'94 she said, pointing at the folders in her own case.\
Putting the banded folder back into the cheap case, I did as she instructed, emptying the contents of her case into the galley sink.  With the cases and the ridiculously small space since the galley, there wasn\'92t much room.  The procedure involved quite a bit of jockeying and juggling before I had everything cleaned out of the larger case.\
I picked up the banded folder and paused to ask, \'93okay?\'94\
She nodded, not saying anything.\
The banded folders took up an even smaller portion of her oversized case.  I transferred all of the files, then pointed at the original group of files in the sink.\
\'93Those, too?\'94\
\'93No.  Close it.\'94\
I considered that as I complied.  If her own files were garbage, she could have just taken Dearborn\'92s briefcase.  Something about her case was worth keeping.    I\'92m not a huge James Bond fan, but grandpa and I sat through enough of his films for me to understand the concept of hidden compartments.  It was obvious: the case must have the detonator in it.\
I shut the case, closed the latches, and committed to what I knew was a very dumb idea.\
Spinning, I yanked Dearborn\'92s cheap case from the counter and held it between the two of us.  It wasn\'92t as large as her own case, not even covering my entire chest.  But it blocked her from getting at me with her knife, though I was still quite literally backed into a corner.\
\'93I can\'92t let you take that case.\'94\
She hissed some kind of curse at me, her eyes burning into mine.  A tiny voice in my head screamed out for any of the passengers to wake up and see what was happening.  Irene\'92s eyes traced everything in her sight, looking for an angle.\
\'93Fool!\'94\
She stepped back against the wall, then inched to her right while groping for the coat closet door latch.  I knew at once what she was thinking.\
\'93It\'92s not in there,\'94 I said.\
Irene stopped, her focus on me again.\
\'93Your coat?  It\'92s not in there.\'94\
She squinted at me, raising her knife to our eyeliner.\
\'93What are you talking about?\'94\
\'93Green coat.  Cashmere.\'94  I pointed my chin at the far lavatory door.  \'93It\'92s in there.  Behind the locked door.\'94\
\'93You lie!\'94\
I shrugged, keeping the case between us.  \'93Don\'92t believe me?  Check for yourself,\'94 I said, this time pointing my chin at the coat closet.\
She considered, then found the latch again with her free hand.  She opened the door just enough to put her arm through and dig behind her.  Her focus split as she tried to feel for her coat.\
I taunted her with a raised eyebrow, causing her to edge her shoulder into the closet to dig deeper.  Figuring I would not get a better opportunity, I launch myself at her.\
My shoulder slammed into the closet door, the case a shield between me and her knife.  I felt something squish and give, the door digging farther into her.  She let out a shriek and struggled to free herself.  I countered with my own yelp of \'93Terry!\'94\
I planted my feet and locked my knees, keeping as much pressure on the door as I could.  Her knife hand arced on the other side of the case, sweeping down beneath it.\
The knife jabbed deep into the muscle of my left thigh, its blunted four-inch blade ripping into me.  I screamed and dropped to the ground, desperate to keep as much of my weight against the door as I could manage.  The movement torqued the knife from her hand.\
I worked to keep the case above my head while also kicking out to jam my good right leg against the far wall.  A deep voice behind me yelled \'93Hey!\'94 and someone stepped past me.  I looked up to see Harold Sr.\
The case blocked most of my view, but it looked like Harold was throwing punches.  I heard some meaty slaps and saw Harold\'92s weight shift.  One final slap was followed instantly by a thump.  Irene went limp.  I gave her three count to start struggling again before unlocking my leg and rolling away from the door.  Every shift of my left leg was an agony as the blade twisted and scraped against bone.\
My jaw started to ache and I realized I was grinding my teeth, breathing in gasps through taut lips.  I made the mistake of looking at my leg.  It was covered in blood that ebbed and flowed in time with my racing pulse.  I retched and squeezed my eyes closed when I saw the knife\'92s pearl butterfly handle twitching to the same beat.  The blood wasn\'92t stopping.  I was going to bleed out.\
I could hear a commotion around me, someone working the closet door open and closed.  There were also the sounds of passengers waking up and getting out of their seats.  If they saw me like this there would be a panic.\
\'93Harold,\'94 I said, opening my eyes.  Both father and son reacted, leaning over me.  I pointed aft toward the lavatories.  \'93I need your help getting back there.\'94\
Harold Jr. replied \'93I don\'92t think you should\'97\'94\
\'93Look!\'94  I interrupted him.  \'93Get me out of the aisle before too many people wake up.\'94  I jerked my head back toward the passengers and reached my arms above me.\
Harold Sr. nodded and wrapped his arms around mine, grabbing me below the elbows.  I matched his grip, feeling considerable muscles flex to take my weight.  He started dragging and the motion of my leg whited out my vision, catching a scream in my throat.\
\'93Terry!\'94  I snapped.  \'93Jump seats!\'94\
I heard him move behind me, followed by the dual thuds of the seats snapping down.  I looked back over my head and addressed Harold Sr. as he continued to drag me across the carpet.\
\'93I need to get this leg up or \'85 or I\'92m in trouble.\'94\
We reached the exit door and Harold Sr. released his grip.  He stepped around me to my feet, gingerly cradling my left ankle with both hands.\
\'93Ready?\'94 he asked, looking me in the eye.\
I nodded and\'97}