{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I told Ernest to clean himself up in the First Class lavatory, then to get back to his seat.\
\'93You\'92re going to want to hear this,\'94 I crooked a finger at Pam, then walked to the cockpit door and knocked.  \'93It\'92s Lily and Pamela,\'94 I announced.\
The door opened with a click.  Simon had us lock the door behind ourselves as we entered.\
\'93I know what\'92s going on.  It\'92s espionage,\'94 I told them all.  \'93We\'92re in the middle of a James Bond movie.\'94\
Simon, as usual, did not like what I had to say.  \'93Some Bond girl you are.\'94\
Not rising to his challenge, I ignored him.\
\'93Irene Peters, the bomber, is attempting to\'97\'94\
\'93Wait,\'94 waved Lawrence.  He leaned over and flicked a switch marked SPKR on the RADIO panel, then turned in his seat to face us.  \'93Pick up that mic,\'94 he said, pointing to one attached to the empty second officer\'92s console.\
I did so and handed it to him.  Lawrence depressed the button and spoke.\
\'93Miami Center, Roadrunner 238.  We have those details.\'94\
A scratchy, distorted voice came out of several speakers.  Lawrence handed me back the mic.\
\'93Roadrunner 238, go ahead.\'94\
\'93How much do they know?\'94 I asked before keying the mic.\
\'93Everything you told us before.\'94\
My throat went dry and I wished I\'92d kept a cup of water for myself.  I held down the button.\
\'93Irene Peters, the bomber in 27A, is attempting to steal some kind of secret files brought on board by the man in 18D.  That man, Ernest Dearborn, claims to work for NASA.  He says the files are actually the property of Mary Hamilton in 18E.  He was stealing her files, drugging her to make it seem like she was getting old and batty.\'94\
\'93So?\'94 interrupted Simon.  \'93Who cares?\'94\
I continued to ignore him.\
\'93Mary Hamilton died in her sleep earlier this evening.\'94\
Pamela\'92s hand went to her mouth.\
\'93Jesus, that\'92s awful,\'94 Simon said, deflated.  Lawrence shot Simon a look that caused him to turn and face forward.\
I put one hand on Pamela\'92s shoulder to steady her, then pulled the other out of my apron.  In it was the silver tube.\
\'93The bomb has a pressure switch that will go off after we start to descend.  I have the remote detonator.\'94\
The aircraft pitched as Simon, hands on the yoke, jumped in his seat.  Pamela choked and coughed.  Lawrence went pale.\
\'93I got it out of Irene\'92s purse after I drugged her.\'94\
\'93You\'97\'94 Simon stammered, not looking back, \'93You can\'92t be serious.\'94\
I let the mic go dead as I unscrewed the cap and showed everyone the white button, carefully replacing it.\
Lawrence held out his hand.  \'93I\'92ll take that.\'94\
I retracted my hands and put them back into my apron pocket.  \'93Sorry, but no.  It\'92s leverage.\'94\
\'93Miami, I don\'92t suppose you\'92ve figured out a way to get us into the rear luggage compartment?\'94\
\'93238, that\'92s a negative but I have some very smart people working on it here.  Please say your fuel status.\'94\
Lawrence replied using his own headset this time.\
\'93Miami, 238 needs to be on approach within the next 80 minutes.\'94\
\'93Acknowledged, 238, within the next eight zero minutes.  Squawk seven-seven-zero-zero.\'94\
Lawrence reached down and dialed 7700 into one of his consoles.\
\'93238, squawk 7700.  Will advise of further developments and would appreciate if you\'92d keep us in mind.\'94\
\'93238, we certainly will.  Miami out.\'94\
\'93Hey,\'94 I said to Lawrence, \'93who\'92s your favorite football team?\'94}