{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \'93People are going to start waking up.  You need to keep them up front and calm,\'94 I said to Terry.\
\'93Do you think she\'92ll tell you how to \'85\'94\
\'93I hope so, because I\'92m running out of ideas.\'94  The arrival clock read a quarter after six.  \'93Lights are up in fifteen minutes, which we can maybe push to thirty if not too many people wake up.  We fall out of the sky less than an hour later.  I\'92ve got to try something.\'94\
I stepped up to row 27 and tapped Harold Sr. on the shoulder, beckoning him back to the galley.\
\'93Mr. Grant, I need you and your son again.  Terry\'92s going to keep an eye on Irene for a minute.\'94\
Harold Sr. touched his son\'92s hand and hooked his neck toward the aisle.  They both got up and slid past Terry.  Junior spoke up first.\
\'93What now?\'94\
\'93You\'92re not going to like what I\'92m about to say.  But\'97\'94\
\'93Just say it, then,\'94 said Senior.\
My hand presented its contents to the men: a collection of detachable straps and belts I had picked up from various carry-ons on my way back to Coach.\
\'93Miami hasn\'92t come up with any great ideas about how to get us down safely.  I\'92m worried that they won\'92t before we run out of fuel.  That was a long flight, made longer by routing around the weather, and we sat on the tarmac for quite a while.  We don\'92t have the buffer we normally would.\'94\
The two men looked between me and the straps.\
\'93We need to get Irene\'92s cooperation, but she\'92s dangerous.  We need to secure her and move her back there,\'94 I pointed to the exit door by the lavatories, \'93so we can talk to her.\'94\
Harold Sr. looked resigned, while Junior looked dubious.\
\'93What makes you think she\'92s going to talk to you?\'94\
I held up the silver tube in my other hand.\
\'93I know exactly where the bomb is, and exactly what will happen if it goes off.  She\'92s not going to want to be anywhere near it.\'94\
Harold Sr. took the belts and straps from my hand.\
\'93We\'92ll want to secure her wrists and ankles before we move or wake her.  She\'92s vicious.\'94\
\'93I can do that,\'94 Junior said, taking the bundle from his father and walking back to his row.  Terry moved forward to 26 to let Harold into 27.\
Slowly, gingerly, Harold Jr. moved Irene\'92s wrists next to each other and wrapped a thick brown leather strap around them, linking the ends to each other.  Irene stirred, shaking her head, but was out again soon after.  Harold repeated the process with a second strap, closer to her elbows, again linking the ends.  Again she stirred but did not wake.\
Her ankles were more of a problem.  Harold was beefy, so trying to bend and thread a leather strap around ankles he couldn\'92t see was not easy.  He took his time again, this time settling for a single band.  He looked at me for confirmation and I nodded my assent.\
Handing the remaining straps to his father, Harold Jr. worked the case loose from Irene\'92s lap.  She was getting closer to consciousness with each disturbance.  I held my breath and thought about how lucky we\'92d been so far.  I would have loved to get her out of her parachute coat, but there was no way to do that securely.\
Junior passed the case to his father, who passed it on to me.  I put it on the counter behind us in the galley.  I untied my apron and handed it to Harold Sr., who passed it to his son.  Each gave me a quizzical look.  I put my hands in front of my mouth as if eating a sandwich, then drew my fingers back along my cheeks.  They got the picture.\
They lifted the three armrests for the row, giving Junior a clear exit path.  He twisted the apron into a cord, taking it into both hands.  Irene\'92s eyes fluttered as he got it into place in front of her mouth, opening to half moons as he tied the apron straps behind her head.\
Irene was awake, but she was groggy.\
Harold Jr. sped up.  He bent her forward at the waist, getting one arm behind her and one under her knees.  He didn\'92t have the leverage to pick her up, so he did a complex scoot-her-scoot-himself maneuver until he reached the end of the row.\
I couldn\'92t see her eyes anymore, but her hands moved in front of her face and her feet made a lazy kick.  Terry\'92s eyes widened and he pointed at her, alternating his gaze between her and me.\
\'93Get her feet,\'94 Harold Sr. whispered to his son.\
Irene started to buck and moan behind her apron gag, but the Grant men were too much for her.  They extracted her from the row and carried her around the corner to the exit.  Several groggy passengers in the surrounding area turned toward the commotion, but Terry did a good job of blocking their view.\
When I turned the corner I saw Irene stretched out diagonally, in much the same position I had been after she\'92d stabbed me in the last loop.  This time, Harold Sr. knelt by her head, her bound hands in his, while Harold Jr. did the same by her ankles.  She was awake, though her eyes were still only half-focused.\
\'93Irene,\'94 I said, looking her in the eyes, \'93I need to know how to disarm the air pressure sensor on the bomb.  Can I do it with this?\'94  I held up the silver tube.  \'93Or is it just a detonator?\'94\
Irene\'92s eyes made an effort to focus on the tube.  She froze when she recognized it, shock taking hold on her face.  Words got turned into an unintelligible monotone slur by her apron gag.\
\'93Want me to take that off her?\'94 asked Harold Sr.\
It was a good question, though I didn\'92t like the answer.\
\'93Not yet.  Not until I\'92m sure she won\'92t cause a disturbance.\'94\
I moved to squat next to her so I could speak in a low voice.\
\'93Irene.  We know about the files in your case.  We know about the bomb.  I suspect this,\'94 I held up the tube, \'93is a remote detonator for the bomb, which I am almost certain is rigged to go off when we descend.\'94\
More monotone word-slur, this time emphatic.\
\'93Shake or nod for me.  Can we have a conversation about this?\'94\
She squinted at me, her eyes now focusing without a problem.  Her head made a single, slow nod.  I reached down to the apron gag and stopped, considering what I knew about her.\
\'93Irene,\'94 my voice came out calm and level, \'93I need you to understand how serious I am.  Cooperate, or I have these nice gentlemen buckle you into row 27, still trussed up, right before we descend.  You and I both know what happens next.\'94\
The woman was dangerous\'97this I had already experienced first hand\'97but I didn\'92t know how much until I saw her go still and narrow her eyes at me when I said that. \
\'93Are we communicating?\'94 I asked.\
She nodded, her gaze locked on me.\
\'93Turn your head,\'94 I told her as I put my hand on her chin and did it for her.\
She did complied, letting me get at the tied apron straps.  Instead of untying her completely, I loosened and retied them.  I got my fingers under the gag on one side, rotated her head back to face me, and got my other hand under the other side.  I lifted the gag over her nose and resettled it on her eyes.  It wasn\'92t tight enough to stay, but I hoped the sensory deprivation would keep her off balance.\
\'93Can we disarm the bomb remotely?\'94\
Her lips twisted in something resembling amusement.\
\'93You cannot.  I can.\'94\
\'93What does that mean?\'94\
\'93I would need certain assurances before I would consider disarming the bomb.\'94\
Squatting next to her, I worked to keep my demeanor calm and collected.\
\'93Lady, with what you\'92ve put me through, you can be assured that I will happily let you fall out of the sky if you don\'92t start giving me some straight answers.\'94  Something occurred to me.  \'93In fact \'85 let\'92s see what else you have in this coat, shall we?\'94\
Irene convulsed, squirming and wrenching her arms and legs.  The Harolds maintained their grips, keeping her wrists and ankles pinned to the floor.  Each of the men probably weighed twice what she did and had all of the leverage.\
I reached toward her gag, but reconsidered.  Neither the skirt nor blouse of my uniform had pockets\'97that\'92s what the apron was for\'97but I needed to put the detonator somewhere.  The Harolds were looking at me, but now was no time for modesty.  Undoing the top button of my blouse, I wedged the tube into my bra.  It was uncomfortable and cold in an area that was already slick with nervous perspiration, but I didn\'92t have many options.  At least there was no way for me to lose track of it there.  I shot the Harolds a \'93what are you going to do?\'94 look.\
I flipped the apron gag over Irene\'92s nose and secured it back over her mouth.  It was loose, but good enough for now.  She rolled her head back and forth, trying to make it difficult, but she was trapped by her own arms.\
Pulling each side of the coat away from her, I went through each pocket one at a time.  There wasn\'92t much to be found.  A pack of gum was in her left inside pocket, along with her ticket stub for the flight.  Buttoned into her left waist pocket was a stack of folded bills in various denominations totaling $300.  Her right waist pocket, also buttoned, contained a small flashlight.  Thinking about how the detonator had been hidden, I unscrewed the top to find a normal AAA battery.\
I realized something was missing.\
\'93Where\'92s the knife, Irene?\'94\
Her eyes were cold and unflinching as she stared at me.  She spoke through her gag, the words mangled but the meaning clear.  \'93What knife?\'94\
\'93Butterfly knife.  Pearl handle.\'94  I made a wide U shape with my thumb and forefinger.  \'93Blade about this long.\'94\
Harold Jr.\'92s eyes went wide.\
\'93It wasn\'92t in your coat.  I know you have it on you.\'94\
While she squirmed, I patted down her sides.  Her tuxedo pants had small pockets, but neither had anything in it.  My weight shifted back against the wall as I thought back to when I had seen the knife.  I\'92d been on the ground, around the corner, with her towering above me.  The memory played back in my mind\'92s eye.  I\'92d been out of it for a few seconds, enough time for her to get the drop on me.  And she had to have drawn it fast enough to keep Terry and Pamela at bay.\
\'93It wasn\'92t in a pocket,\'94 I murmured to myself.  \'93Up a sleeve?\'94\
The luggage strap and coat sleeves around her forearms got in the way, but I was able to work around and through them enough to know that there wasn\'92t anything to be found.\
\'93Under the belt?\'94\
I ran my hands around her waist, hooking a finger between her pants and belt, but found nothing.  Her stomach and back were solid sheets of muscle, hard enough to make me think she had something hidden there.\
\'93Calf holster, then.\'94\
The answer felt right.  The tuxedo pants would keep it hidden, but the flares at the ankles would make it easy to get to when needed.  When she convulsed I knew I had her.  The Harolds kept their holds and I moved to work around the strap across her shins.\
Working the black fabric up each leg without loosening the strap, I found it.  Stretchy black nylon wrapped around her right leg, above her ankle and below her knee.  A pair of button snaps at the top and bottom secured the knife along the inside of her leg.  Despite her thrashing, I was able to pull it free.\
I didn\'92t try to open the butterfly handle.  I\'92d never held a knife like this, nor even seen one outside of the movies, so I was just as likely to slice a finger off as to get it open.  Still out of pockets, I didn\'92t have anywhere to put the knife.  I almost threw it on the floor along with the ticket stub, gun, flashlight, and cash, but a flash memory of her getting free last time gave me pause.  Standing, I turned to the galley storage wall and found one of the secured trash bins.  The knife dropped in with a tink against what was probably an aluminum can.  I shook the container before pushing it back into the wall and sliding down the locking handle.\
 Irene refused to look at me as I turned back to squat next to her, her jaw set in defiance.  Her attitude didn\'92t make any sense unless she thought she still had a chance of getting out of this.  Trying to remember what else I\'92d seen, I stared at her.  She struggled, her coat bunching up around her waist.\
Her coat.  She thinks she can still get out of this as long as she\'92s got that coat on.\
\'93We can fix that,\'94 I murmured.\
Repeating the motion from the previous loop, I grabbed fistfuls of cashmere and dark green nylon at one of the seams and ripped them apart to reveal the carefully packed black nylon of the parachute between them.  Her eyes bulged and she renewed her futile struggle, twisting her hips left and right in an attempt to roll to one side.  I put my weight into it and pulled several yards of black fabric from beneath her.\
I\'92d been intending to pull out enough to show her that using the parachute would now be impossible, but inspiration struck me.  Pulling another yard of fabric free, I threw the wad across her stomach.\
\'93Lift,\'94 I said to Harold Jr., pointing at her thighs.\
He did so, now struggling to keep her from kicking him.  I managed to reach under her and drag the pile of fabric back to my side.  Repeating the process, I made sure to work the fabric downwards along her legs.  Some thin cabling, I assumed the lines for the parachute, came along with the fabric.  I did my best to use the cabling to secure her, looping the ends around her feet to keep the entire think in place.  It wasn\'92t pretty, but from the ribcage down she now looked like the worlds\'92 worst-wrapped mummy.\
\'93Can we try this conversation again?\'94\
She nodded and I moved the gag from her mouth back to her eyes.\
\'93Who are you?\'94 she spat at me.\
\'93Just a flight attendant.  No one.  I could ask you the same thing, but I really don\'92t care.  I want to know how to get my passengers to Miami in one piece.\'94\
\'93Free me.\'94\
\'93Not an option.  Your choices are simple.  One, you to continue to be a pain in the ass, at which point I make good on my promise and strap you to 27 myself before we start to descend.  Or two, you tell us how to disarm the bomb, at which point I make good on my promise and strap you to 27 myself before we start to descend.  There is no three.  See the pattern here?\'94\
She was quiet, the muscles in her jaw working.\
\'93You will not kill me.  You are not a killer.  You threw away my knife.\'94\
\'93True,\'94 I exhaled.  \'93I\'92d never even slapped anyone until a half hour ago.  But lady, you have no idea what I\'92ve been through.  I would gladly leave you to your own device and let you blow yourself out of the sky.\'94\
I heard a noise behind me and turned to see Terry peeking around the corner.  He pointed at his giant oversized watch, where the minute hand pointed straight down.  Six thirty.  I nodded and pointed to the ceiling, fanning my hands out and pointing to my ears.  He nodded and stepped away.\
\'93The pilots know there is a bomb.  Even if it goes off, they\'92re some of the best pilots I know,\'94 I bluffed.  \'93I bet they can get us safely to the ground or at least into the water.\'94\
The lights came up around us, from night illumination to morning.  A disco song faded up from the speakers on the galley console.  From behind the loose apron, Irene\'92s head twisted left to right.\
\'93That\'92s lights-up,\'94 I said to her.  \'93We start our descent in five minutes,\'94 I lied.  \'93Start talking or I spend those five minutes wrapping you up even tighter.  I\'92ve got enough fabric here to make you the Queen of the Nile.\'94\
She was quiet.  I gave her adequate time to respond before continuing.\
\'93Fine,\'94 I said, sliding the gag back down to her mouth.  I leaned across her to grab the other side of her coat.  I ripped the seam open and pulled out as much nylon as I could.  \'93Pin her wrists in front of her so I can wrap up her arms.\'94\
Harold Sr. hesitated, not liking where this was going, but then played along and shifted position.  Irene struggled, trying to bend and get her shoulders off the ground.  The wrap around her waist wasn\'92t tight, but it interfered enough.  Harold Sr. pressed a knee onto her shoulder, keeping her down as he flattened her arms across her body.  I pulled the fabric over her arms, intentionally dragging it along her face.\
\'93Up,\'94 I said, causing Harold Sr. to shift his weight off his knee.\
He lifted his chin at his son and looked at Irene\'92s wrists.  Harold Jr. kneeled across Irene\'92s ankles and shifted his grip to her wrists.  Senior grabbed her by the shoulders, lifting her off the ground.  I threw the fabric along the floor underneath her, grabbing it on the other side.  I pulled it as tight across her arms as I could, making a second pass of fabric from her neck to her chest.  Harold lifted again and I tossed the remainder of the fabric under her head.\
A single emphatic word came out through her apron gag, clearly a \'93stop!\'94.\
Pausing with a handful of fabric and some random cabling between us, I looked her in the eyes.\
\'93Oh, were we not done talking?\'94\
She said something that was lost to the gag.  The steel was gone from her eyes.\
\'93This is your last shot,\'94 I told her as my hand hovered over the gag.  \'93Got it?\'94\
She nodded and I slid the gag down under her chin.\
\'93You have the trigger,\'94 she said.  \'93It can disarm the bomb.\'94\
Keeping one hand on the fabric, I used the other to pull the tube out of my bra.  I considered unscrewing the cap one-handed, but decided against it.  I dropped the fabric to her chest and cautiously removed the top.  Both Harolds shifted, uneasy.\
\'93Tell me what to do,\'94 I said.\
\'93You see the button, and around it is a switch.  It has writing on it.\'94\
I leaned back against the wall to steady myself.\
\'93Yeah, I see it.  There\'92s a \'91B\'92 and a \'91P\'92.\'94\
\'93You can turn the switch.  Turn it towards the \'91B\'92.\'94\
I did so, and the sliver of open plastic shifted from revealing a red stripe to a green one.\
\'93Got it.  It\'92s green.  Did that do it?  How would I know?\'94\
\'93You must press the button to send the signal.\'94\
My thumb shook as I pressed the button.  There was no delay between that and the sound of the explosion, the wall and floor shifting to slam into me.  My ears popped and the too-familiar rush of wind started screaming, along with the rest of the passengers.\
Irene smiled a wide, insane grin and started laughing.\
\'93What are you going to do now?\'94 she screamed over the wind.  \'93Will you throw me out of the hole?\'94  Her laughter was maniacal, shrill.\
I had been so stupid.  I triggered the bomb.  I killed us all.  How could I have believed her?\
The cold air bit at my throat and my head got that pinched feeling I now associate with oxygen deprivation.\
\'93Stay here!\'94 I yelled at the Harolds, who were dumbstruck at what had just happened.\
Pulling myself to my feet against the wrong gravity, I worked my way to the storage closet.  I saw Terry face-down in the aisle, maybe ten feet away on the other side of the hole, his hands jammed against his ears.  Several other passengers were out of place, some in the aisle and some fallen across seats.\
\'93Terry!\'94 I shouted as I opened the door.   I grabbed all three bottles.  As I closed the door I saw Terry struggle to his knees and turn to me.  He shook his head to clear it.  I couldn\'92t see any blood.  I held up the bottles.  \'93Catch?\'94\
He nodded and I underhanded him one.  The strange gravity threw off my aim, causing him to fumble it.  He got it under control and I turned to go back to the tail, even as I unwrapped the mask and hose from one of the tanks, slipping it over my head.\
I repeated the unwrapping, handing Harold Sr. the mask.  I turned on both tanks, once again tasting stale, metallic air.\
\'93You\'92ll have to share,\'94 I said, pointing between the men.  \'93Don\'92t waste any on her.\'94  They nodded, passing the mask between them.  I wrapped the nylon strap of the tank around Junior\'92s waist and secured it.\
\'93Can you get her into a lavatory, fast?\'94\
\'93Why?\'94 asked Junior, incredulous.\
\'93We\'92re going to roll in a minute.  You two need to be strapped in,\'94 I pointed to the jump seats.  \'93She\'92s going to be in the way.\'94\
Irene stopped laughing.\
\'93No, you wouldn\'92t\'97\'94\
Yanking the apron gag up from her chin, I jammed it into place across her mouth.\
\'93Come on, you don\'92t want to be unsecured when we roll.\'94\
The three of us hoisted a wiggling Irene into the lavatory by the door, setting her down on the bowl.  I didn\'92t bother going for the key in the storage closet\'97I knew it was impossible to lock someone inside.  She\'92d likely get free from her bonds and the parachute given enough time, but I had bigger concerns.\
\'93Get strapped in!\'94 I yelled at the men as I flipped down the jump seats, my textbook falling to the floor.  Picturing the damage the heavy hardcover book could do to them when we rolled, I scooped it up and tossed it into another lavatory.\
We were going to roll.  I was tempted to grab onto a secured handle in the galley and hang on for dear life.  I was tempted \'85 but I couldn\'92t.  I needed to make sure the passengers were secure.  That made me realize that I wasn\'92t hearing Pamela\'92s or Terry\'92s voice over the PA.  Neither of them were talking to the passengers.  I half-stumbled, half-rolled along the wall into the galley and grabbed the mic.\
\'93PLEASE REMAIN CALM,\'94 I said, one hand on the mic the other wrapped around the handle for the beverage cart.  \'93PUT ON YOUR OXYGEN MASKS BEFORE HELPING THOSE AROUND YOU.  MAKE SURE YOUR SEATBELT IS SECURE AND TIGHT.\'94\
A boom shook the floor.  We were running out of time.  It may not have been the best choice, but I made a flash decision.\
\'93WE ARE GOING TO ROLL.\'94  The passenger screams crescendoed.  \'93DEBRIS WILL FALL FROM THE SHELVES, SO YOU MUST DUCK AND COVER YOUR HEAD IN CRASH POSITION.  I REPEAT: GET INTO CRASH POSITIONS AND COVER YOUR HEAD.  IF YOU HAVE\'97\'94\
The metallic shriek and crack prevented me from finishing my warning to put any purses or bags under the seats in front of them.  The floor jumped out from under me and I slammed into the wall against the fuselage.  The hit dazed me, so I didn\'92t react in time to stop Irene\'92s oversized steamer trunk briefcase from slamming into me.\
The world went white and the next thing I knew I was on the ceiling, briefcase heavy on my shoulder.  I moved to lift it off of me, or at least divert it as we continued to roll, but every attempt to move any part of my right arm shot lightning from my neck to my wrists.\
We rolled past inverted and I landed on the storage door.  Except that from this angle it was like a cliff from which a fall led through the hole into dark, empty sky.  I did my best to orient longways against the door, kicking the briefcase away from me.  It teetered on the edge, caught between the wind and the wrong gravity, but a final kick pushed it out of the airplane.\
I felt the wall and door shift under my weight, angling down toward the hole.  Scrambling for purchase, I managed to get a grip around the corner but then lost it as the fingers went numb and the drumbeat pulse ratcheted up several notches.\
Fighting against the buckling wall and the roll, I kicked off my heels and tried to scoot down into the corner.  My nylons weren\'92t any better for traction, especially not with my feet going numb inside of them.\
As we rolled closer to level, I knew I needed to get past the galley entrance or risk slamming my head into the wall.  Crawling on elbows and knees, I made it past the gap and collapsed against the wall as it rolled to become the floor.  The oxygen tank strapped to my hip focused my hit into a single punch below the ribs that knocked the air out of me.  Flat on my back, I looked up to see the Harolds staring at me.  Had I been screaming?\
Harold Sr. moved like he was going to release his restraints and come for me, but I gasped for air and screamed to stop him, waving him off with my good left arm.\
\'93No!  Stay strapped in!\'94\
That\'92s what I tried to say, but the words were thick in my mouth.  I couldn\'92t hear my own voice through the drumbeat and I braced for the jump.}