{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Shaking my head to clear it, I stuck this landing by reaching across the cart and grabbing Terry\'92s arm.  He cocked his head at me as I gasped for breath.\
\'93I\'92ve been doing this backwards,\'94 I told him.  \'93That doesn\'92t make sense yet, but it will.\'94\
I moved to the intercom and called the cockpit.  Simon answered.\
\'93Captain, we have a sandstorm.\'94\
\'93That\'92s not funny.  Who is this?  Reserve girl?\'94\
\'93Lily.  I\'92m not kidding.\'94  I cupped my hand over the mouthpiece and said, \'93There\'92s a bomb.  Get us on the ground now.  Squawk 7700.\'94  I switched off and hung up the phone before he could argue.\
Terry went rigid, color draining from his face.  I moved past him to the coat closet, going straight to the green cashmere coat on the far right.  I shrugged it on, feeling its weight on my shoulders.  Kneeling, I leaned forward to whisper into Harold Sr.\'92s ear.\
\'93Harold Grant.  I need you and your son to quietly get up and stand back in the tail.\'94  His head whipped around as I put my hand on his on the armrest.  \'93It\'92s an emergency, but you must be calm about it.  As you go, flip your armrests all the way up.\'94\
He cocked his head but nodded, then turned to whisper to his son.  I stood up and stepped back into the galley to talk to Terry, again leaning in to whisper in his ear.\
\'93The woman in 27A has a bomb in her luggage and a remote detonator in her purse.\'94  He pulled away from me, about to object, but I pulled him back.  \'93She won\'92t detonate it, trust me.  But she also has a knife on her.  When I tackle her,\'94 he jerked away, making me drag him back, \'93when I tackle her I\'92m going to try to get you her purse.  It\'92s on her lap\'97we need to get it away from her, okay?\'94\
The Grant men walked past me toward the lavatories.\
\'93Thank you,\'94 I mouthed, making an \'93around the corner\'94 gesture with my hand.\
The floor pitched as the aircraft banked into a tight turn.\
\'93It\'92s time,\'94 I said to Terry.  \'93Ready?\'94\
\'93No!\'94 he said in a loud whisper.\
\'93Doesn\'92t matter.  It\'92s got to happen now before we descend.\'94\
I kicked my shoes off, turned and ran around the corner, and dove into row 27.  Instead of going face first, I rotated and landed as if to sit in her lap.  I grabbed at her purse with my left hand, attempting to pull it out of the way as I landed.  It didn\'92t come away clean\'97she managed to catch not of the straps with her own left hand.  My back slammed into her chest, catching that arm against the wall.  I jammed my feet into the cracks between the row 26 seats, leveraging back into her with all of my strength.\
Her right arm was trapped between us, so I used my own right elbow to try to keep it from escaping.  I managed to get both hands around the straps on the purse and yanked while slamming my head back into hers.  I saw stars, but the purse came loose.\
I heard one of the passengers scream, then another.\
I tossed the purse to Terry, screaming at him over the passengers.\
\'93The outer sections have zippered compartments!\'94  Irene struggled behind me, so I slammed my head back into hers, trying to wedge it into the corner.  \'93One of them has an expensive fountain pen!\'94\
Her struggle intensified, so I head-butted her a third time and a fourth.  I heard her head slam into the wall on the third, then felt it rebound from the wall on the fourth.  Her struggling ceased and her arms went limp.  My own brain was fuzzy and it took a second to clear.\
\'93I\'92ve got it!\'94 Terry exclaimed.\
\'93Give it!\'94  I held out my hand to him.\
The pitch of the turn leveled and my stomach dropped.\
Terry snapped the pen into my palm and I went to work on it.  The cap and nib flew off, the tube sliding out into my hand.  I unscrewed the cap and looked at the switch.  It was set to the red \'91P\'92 position.  Twisting it farther clockwise didn\'92t do anything.\
I held my breath and pushed the button.  Nothing happened.  Taking that as the best possible sign, I replaced the cap on the detonator and tucked it into one of the inner coat pockets.\
My head rang from the impacts and from the loop headache.  I sat there, half on top of Irene, panting.  I saw Pamela come rushing through the curtain into Coach.\
\'93Was that it?\'94 Terry asked.\
\'93I think so, but it will take a few minutes to be sure.  Help me up?\'94\
He reached out and pulled me off of Irene.  She wasn\'92t completely unconscious, her arms moving weakly to her head.\
Remembering the knife, I dove back down between the seats and grabbed for her calf.  The knife was there and snapped free easily.  She was too out of it and didn\'92t seem to notice.  I got back off the floor and held up my pearl-handled prize to show Terry, angling myself so most of the passengers couldn\'92t see it.\
\'93Crikey,\'94 he said.  \'93How did you know?\'94\
\'93Long story,\'94 I exhaled.  \'93But we\'92re not done yet.\'94\
I looked up to where I knew the Michelsons were sitting.  They were both looking back at me.  \'93Doctors, I could use your help.\'94  I beckoned them toward us.  To Pamela, I said \'93sandstorm\'94 and saw her jaw clench.\
Waving my arm above the rest of the passengers, I kept one eye on the slow-moving Irene.  \'93Everyone else please remain in your seats.  We\'92ll explain shortly.\'94\
Alan and Edna got up and hurried back to us.\
\'93Doctor,\'94 I said looking at Alan, \'93I need to make sure she\'92s okay, but she\'92s dangerous and I need her to stay down.  Can you do that?\'94\
He stared at me and swallowed.\
\'93Yes,\'94 he said, turning to his new patient.\
\'93Doctor,\'94 this time to Edna, \'93I need you to help someone else.  Follow me, please?\'94\
We slipped past Pamela, moving along the rows to keep people seated.  The engine pitch changed and my stomach dropped a second time.  I kept waiting for the boom, but it didn\'92t come.  We arrived at row 18 and stopped.  Ernest, already craning to look at us, stared at me.\
\'93Ernest, I need to help Mary.  Those pills are going to kill her.  Move, please.\'94\
\'93What?  You can\'92t be\'97\'94\
\'93Ernest!\'94 I growled, grabbing his lapels leaning back to haul him to his feet.  \'93We don\'92t have time for this!  Move!\'94\
Mary and Jennifer stared up at the three of us.  I bodily pulled Ernest out of the row and pushed him through the curtain into Smoking.\
\'93She took some bad pills,\'94 I said to Edna, \'93just a few minutes ago.  Can you take her back to the lavatories and help her get them out?\'94\
Reaching out my hand, I helped Mary to her feet.  She reached out a hand to touch my face.\
\'93Are you \'85?\'94  She tried to ask something, but couldn\'92t collect herself enough to do so.  \'93No,\'94 she said, turning to follow Edna down the aisle.\
A passenger toward the rear yelled, \'93what\'92s going on?\'94 which was echoed by several others.\
Pamela and Terry stared at me, as did the Grants and everyone else who could see me.  Calm and collected, I held up one finger in front of my lips for silence.  Pulling the curtain to Smoking aside, I indicated to Ernest that he should sit back down.  I shrugged out of the coat and laid it across my clasped hands.\
\'93I apologize for the excitement,\'94 I said in a voice loud enough that everyone would hear me.  \'93I will explain.  Bear with me for just a few more minutes.\'94\
Not giving them a chance to object, I strode up the aisle, through first class, and knocked on the cockpit door.\
\'93It\'92s Lily.  I\'92m alone.\'94\
The door unlocked and opened.\
\'93Are we landing?\'94\
\'93What the hell is\'97\'94 Simon began.\
\'93I\'92ll explain, but first: are we landing?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 said Lawrence.  \'93PDX.\'94\
\'93How long?\'94\
\'93Fifteen minutes.\'94\
\'93Okay, the short version then.  One passenger has a bomb in the rear luggage compartment.  We\'92ve disarmed and subdued her.\'94\
\'93Jesus,\'94 exhaled Simon.\
\'93A second passenger,\'94 I continued, \'93has been poisoned.  I\'92ve got a doctor looking at her, but she\'92s going to need an ambulance on the ground.  Make it two\'97the lady with the bomb got banged up.\'94\
Lawrence asked, \'93Is there a chance the bomb could go off?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t think so.\'94  I pulled the silver detonator tube out of the coat pocket.  \'93I got the detonator from her.  The bomb has some kind of air pressure switch, but I think I disarmed it.  It would have gone off by now.\'94\
Lawrence nodded, staring at his instruments.  \'93That will have to be good enough for now.  Is there anything else we should know?\'94\
\'93No.  Thank you, Captain.\'94\
As I exited the cockpit I heard his voice come over the PA.\
\'93Ladies and gentlemen, this is the pilot speaking.  We\'92ve got a medical emergency and are rerouting to Portland.  We\'92re already descending and will touch down in about fifteen minutes.  Don\'92t worry, the folks on the ground will get your tickets sorted out and we\'92ll get you to Miami as soon as we can.  For now we need you to get secured so we can all land safely.\'94\
The FSB indicator flashed on with a 
\i ding!
\i0  as the PA clicked off.\
I walked back into Coach to a round of applause.  Surprised, I stopped just inside the curtain.  I smiled and waved as I looked down the aisle to see Terry and Pamela heading toward me.\
\'93I need to get back to First,\'94 Pamela said, scooting around me, \'93but I want the whole story later.\'94\
\'93Sure thing,\'94 I told her.  I asked Terry, \'93Can you make sure everyone is buckled in?  I need to check on them,\'94 I nodded to the clump of people standing in the tail.\
The applause died, but people said thank yous as I passed them in the aisle.\
\'93Mr. Grant and Mr. Grant,\'94 I said as I approached them.  \'93Thank you for your cooperation.  More than you know.  Would you mind taking the Michelsons\'92 seats in row 23?\'94\
The two men nodded, Junior speaking up in a low whisper.\
\'93Is there really a bomb?\'94\
\'93It\'92s been taken care of,\'94 I offered instead of a direct confirmation.  \'93We\'92ll be landing shortly and you should get buckled in.\'94\
Junior looked like he wanted to ask more, but Senior put a hand on his shoulder and walked him past me.\
\'93Thank you again,\'94 I said.\
Moaning sounds came from the lavatory.  I had a pretty good idea of what they were.  I stepped back and stuck my head around the corner.  Dr. Alan Michelson sat in 27B next to Irene, the armrests back to their normal down position.  I saw that Irene\'92s hands were strapped to her armrests with a pair of leather belts.\
\'93Is she going to be okay?\'94\
Alan looked up at me.  \'93She\'92ll live, but she may have a concussion.  She\'92ll need an ambulance.\'94\
My hand went to the back of my skull, still tender.\
\'93I\'92ve asked the pilots to arrange one.  Do you need anything for her right now?\'94\
Alan pointed to a small black leather bag on the seat next to him.\
\'93I\'92ve got my bag, but thank you.  How\'92s the elderly woman?\'94\
\'93I\'92m just about to find out.\'94\
I walked back to the lavatory, where the moaning had reduced to more of a whimper.  Edna was helping Mary to a sitting position on the toilet.\
\'93Doctor,\'94 I said softly.  Both women looked up at me.  Mary\'92s eyes were still  vague and wandering.  \'93Mrs. Hamilton.\'94  I looked to Edna.  \'93Will she be okay?\'94\
\'93We got something up, so we\'92ll see.  Do you know what she took?\'94\
\'93Sorry, no.  I could get the bottle, but I don\'92t think what\'92s on the label is what\'92s in the pills.  Would you like me to?\'94\
\'93Not now, but we\'92ll need it when we land.\'94\
\'93Speaking of which, can I move you ladies out to the jump seats?  I\'92d like to get you strapped in.\'94\
I flipped down the seats and picked up my textbook.  Each of us reaching into the lavatory, Edna and I got Mary to her feet and shuffled her into the jump seats.  Mary picked at the book in my arm while we buckled her in, like a baby grasping for its bottle.  I pulled it away from her and tossed it into one of the empty storage compartments on the wall.  Mary was holding her stomach when I turned back.\
\'93Don\'92t \'85 feel \'85\'94\
I knelt next to her, brushing her cheek with the back of my fingers.\
\'93I know.  We\'92re going to make it better, I promise.\'94  I looked to Edna.  \'93Is there anything I can get you for her?\'94\
\'93No, thank you.\'94\
Nodding, I walked back to the galley.  I turned the corner to find Jennifer Keats standing there, staring at me.\
\'93You need to get back to your seat, Ms. Keats.\'94  Moving back, I spread an arm to show her out.\
She squinted at me, as I remembered her doing however many loops ago.\
\'93I will, but one thing: you need to find me when we land.\'94\
\'93The airline will\'97\'94\
She chopped a hand to cut me off.\
\'93Not the airline.  You.\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry, I don\'92t\'97\'94\
Her voice came out a whisper, and I didn\'92t think I\'92d heard her right.  \'93How many times?\'94\
\'93Excuse me?\'94  My hand dropped to my side.\
Jennifer leaned in, whispering.\
\'93How many times did that take to get right?\'94}