{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 On the ground, I spent four hours explaining the same story over and over again to the police, the airport and airline officials, Terry, Pamela, Simon, and Lawrence, and many other people with badges.  Some time around 1am Pacific they released me for the night.  I had to be back for more questioning in the morning, but for now I had a reservation for my own hotel room and a date with a pillow.\
\'93What did you tell them?\'94 asked a voice behind me as I walked through the main concourse.  I turned to see Jennifer Keats catching up to me.\
\'93Who are you?\'94 I asked.\
She held out her hand to me.  I didn\'92t take it.\
\'93Jennifer.\'94\
\'93Yes, I know, but 
\i who are you
\i0 ?\'94\
\'93Shall we walk?\'94  She pointed toward the escalators to the ground transport area, walking past before I had a chance to stop her.\
\'93Were you waiting for me this entire time?\'94\
Her auburn hair swayed behind her as she walked, blocking me from seeing her face until I caught up next to her.\
\'93I was,\'94 she said.  \'93Hey, I\'92m starving.  I\'92d bet you are, too.  Did they feed you anything?\'94\
The airline reps had brought me a few bags of potato chips, that had taken the edge off, but she was right.\
\'93Not enough,\'94 I replied.\
She fished in a pocket of her coat and came out with a bottle of aspirin, offering it to me.  I hesitated and she reemphasized her offer.\
\'93It\'92s a new bottle.  Never been opened.  If they didn\'92t feed you, I assume you\'92re still sporting a massive headache.\'94\
\'93How could you know that?\'94\
  She smiled, not answering.\
\'93I can explain, but we both need food.\'94\
\'93It\'92s one in the morning.\'94\
\'93We\'92ll figure it out.\'94}