{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I jabbed a trio of fries into the paper ramekin of ketchup.\
\'93So who are you?\'94\
\'93I work with Dr. Hamilton.\'94\
\'93At NASA?\'94\
Jennifer shrugged, equivocating.\
\'93Ish.  Let\'92s say we\'92re government contractors and leave it at that.\'94  She took a massive bite from the burger in her hands.\
\'93And Dearborn?\'94\
\'93Also worked with us.\'94\
\'93Irene?\'94\
\'93Not sure, though I have my suspicions.\'94\
I shoveled more fries into my mouth, alternating with sips of my drink.  I was hungrier than I\'92d realized.  I lowered my voice, even though no one was anywhere near us.\
\'93Was that some kind of experiment?\'94\
\'93An accident, I think.  You tell me.  Did it start when I think it did\'97right before you came and got Mary?\'94\
\'93Nine fourteen, every time.  I don\'92t know what started it.\'94\
\'93Think about what you were doing the first time through.\'94\
\'93I had just helped Ernest get Mary her pills.\'94  My stomach rolled at the thought that I had helped him.\
\'93From her bag?  Did you get an electric shock?  Made your hand go numb?\'94\
Fries, half way to my mouth but forgotten, hung in the air between us.\
\'93Yeah, exactly that.  What was that?\'94\
Jennifer worked several more bites off her burger before continuing.\
\'93SRI.  Synaptic Resonance Initiator.\'94\
\'93Excuse me?\'94\
\'93How\'92s your head?\'94\
The non-sequitur caught me off guard and snapped me back.  The fries in my hand finished the journey to my mouth.\
\'93Better, but not great.\'94\
\'93That headache will take another ten to twelve hours to wear off.  Then it\'92s over.\'94\
\'93What will be over?  What happened to me?\'94\
\'93It\'92s still happening.\'94\
My fist hit the table before I realized it was moving.\
\'93Are you kidding me?\'94\
\'93Calm down,\'94 she said in a low tone.\
\'93Are you telling me I am going to loop again?\'94\
\'93I\'92m saying,\'94 she growled, \'93that you will if you don\'92t stay calm.\'94\
That one rocked me back in my seat.  That was the answer: each time I\'92d looped it had been because of\'97\
\'93My heart rate.\'94\
\'93Bingo,\'94 she pointed a finger at me.  \'93Adrenaline triggers it.\'94\
\'93Triggers what?\'94\
\'93Adreno-synaptic temporal cascade.\'94\
\'93Cascade?\'94\
She finished off her first burger, picking up her second.\
\'93What do you know about Apollo 1?\'94\
The tangent didn\'92t throw me as much this time.\
\'93That was the one with the fire, right?  I was in high school.\'94\
\'93Do you know how long they were in the command module before the fire started?\'94\
\'93No clue.\'94\
\'93Five and a half hours.  Then when the call of fire was made, it took rescue crews another five minutes to get the hatch open.  
\i And they were on the pad
\i0 .\'94\
\'93Okay \'85\'94\
\'93Apollo 13 was three years later and one hundred seventy thousand miles away.  Another three years and Skylab went up, damaged on launch.  The space program is hard.  We\'92re pushing as fast as we can, but we don\'92t always get it right.\'94\
I was silent, not daring to interrupt.\
\'93My team, Mary\'92s team, was supposed to help NASA get it right, even when they don\'92t.\'94\
\'93What does that mean?\'94\
\'93Two months from now, NASA starts test flights for the Space Shuttle program.\'94\
\'93What\'92s that?\'94\
\'93It\'92s the next step into space.  Think reusable airplanes to get us up there instead of rockets.\'94\
\'93You\'92re kidding.  That sounds awesome.\'94\
\'93Literally.  It will be amazing.  But it can\'92t fail.  The consequences would be unbelievable.  The Russians are already so far ahead.  Any more accidents would cripple NASA, sending America back to the stone age.\'94\
I finished my own first burger, deciding if I wanted the second.  Jennifer looked me in the eyes.\
\'93Imagine you discovered a substance.  This substance, when electrically charged, induced a field.  That field, when it came in contact with a human nervous system, had an effect.\'94\
\'93The shock from Dr. Hamilton\'92s purse.\'94\
She raised her eyebrows as an answer.\
\'93Your brain is a biological computer, right?  A mass of neurons swimming in a bath of fluid, electricity zapping from one side to the other.  What if this imaginary field induced a resonance in that electricity?  Like a standing wave in a pool.\'94\
She moved her half-eaten burger up and down.\
\'93Springs, harmonic motion, sure,\'94 I said.  \'93I took Physics a few semesters ago.\'94\
\'93Such a resonance would eventually fade away naturally.  But add in a destabilizing element\'97\'94\
\'93Adrenaline?\'94\
She nodded, picking up where she left off.\
\'93\'97and something interesting happens.  Our imaginary resonance pattern ends up in a destructive feedback loop.\'94\
I put down my burger and rubbed my hands absently.  Jennifer smiled at this.\
\'93Right.  It would manifest as losing sensation in your extremities, then your sense, 
\i et cetera
\i0 .  Until, we might imagine, a kind of critical energy is built up.  The resonance is self-correcting.  It fixes itself through a neural cascade, reverting the resonance to a time when it was most stable: right after it first initiated.\'94\
\'93It sends my brain back in time?\'94\
She took a long drag of her drink, reminding me of how she smoked.\
\'93Say instead that the initiation and the critical energy of an agitation are linked.  When the cascade unwinds the agitation back to the initiation, much of your brain\'92s bioelectricity comes along for the ride.  Memories and emotions, mostly.\'94\
Slack-jawed, I couldn\'92t do much more than stare.  She pointed her drink\'92s straw at me.\
\'93That is \'85 if such a thing were possible.  It sounds like science fiction to me.\'94  Her mouth curled up into a wry smile which she obliterated by taking another drag of her drink.\
\'93So as long as I can stay calm for the next twelve hours, I should be okay.\'94\
She nodded, polishing off her second burger.\
\'93What\'92s with the headaches?\'94 I asked.\
\'93How many times?\'94 she countered.\
\'93Six repeats, seven times through.\'94\
\'93Be glad you didn\'92t make it to ten.  That bioelectricity that hitches a ride?  It accumulates, like a residue.  At eight or nine you start to lose the ability to tell the difference between what\'92s happening now and what you half-remember happening from before.  At ten or eleven, you don\'92t want to know.\'94\
She shivered in her seat.\
\'93When they asked you how you knew about the bomb, what did you tell them?\'94}