{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 The speaker crackled and my ears perked up, the response Pavlovian\'97uncontrollable.\
\'93Ladies and gentlemen we have reached cruising altitude.\'94\
My eyes stared at the public address speaker on the wall ahead of me while my hands pulled my bookmark from the back of my book and slid it into place on the current page.\
\'93I\'92m turning off the No Smoking sign in the forward cabin,\'94 the 
\i ding!
\i0  chimed over the PA in the same cadence as the man\'92s speech, as if it was just another piece of punctuation in his sentence, \'93and I\'92d like everyone to keep in mind that the rear is a smoke-free section.  I\'92m also turning off the seatbelt sign,\'94 another well-timed ding, \'93so smokers in the rear can come forward as needed.  As you do, please close the curtains behind you for the comfort of those in the rows closest to the smoking section.\'94\
The PA clicked off but no one moved.  Despite the garbling the PA did to the pilot\'92s voice, even the attendants who were used to it had to strain to understand, the tone of his voice made it obvious he wasn\'92t finished.  There was a burst of static before the pilot\'92s voice continued.\
\'93It looks like we have some weather over the midwest, so we\'92re going to head south for a bit instead of taking a direct route.  It\'92s going to get bumpy in an hour so plan ahead and have that last smoke for the night before then.  We\'92ll be in the air just over 8 hours tonight, which will put us into Miami shortly after sunrise around seven o\'92clock tomorrow morning.  Until then, have a drink, get some sleep, and we\'92ll handle the rest.\'94\
I hadn\'92t even unbuckled my seat belt before I heard the next 
\i ding!
\i0 , this one in a different tone and accompanied by a small blue light on a panel on the starboard galley wall.  I stowed my thick textbook in its usual place, wedged into the jump seat\'92s recessed alcove as I closed it.  I double-checked that my face was on before I peeked around the corner and scanned for a matching blue light above the passengers.  I found the seat, 18E.  No one in the area looked frantic, so I made a mental note to follow up after my service prep.\
The older gentleman from 21C unbuckled, stood, and shuffled toward me.  Or, I guessed from the strained look on his face, toward the lavatories behind me.  I stepped into the galley to get out of his way and was already half-way through making a pot of coffee before my brain caught up with my hands.  I felt someone\'92s presence behind me and spoke without turning around.\
\'93You want to get 18E?  Or prep for service?\'94\
There was an almost inaudible snort before responding.\
\'93It looks like you\'92ve got prep started.\'94 It came out \'93stah-tid\'94 with the Australian\'92s accent erasing the \'93r\'94 while drawing out the first syllable.  \'93The cart\'92s behind you.\'94  Except it came out \'93ca-at\'94 and \'93ya\'94.  I couldn\'92t help but smile at it.\
Another voice came over the PA, this time a woman\'92s.\
\'93Ladies and gentlemen, we\'92re going to do a quick beverage service before we turn out the lights for the evening.  We know it took longer than anyone liked to get off the ground, so High Desert Air would like to offer adults 
\i one
\i0  complimentary beverage to take the edge off.\'94\
There was a small cheer and the background noise in the cabin went up a notch.  I knew about the offer and had already started loading the cart with tiny bottles of rum, gin, whisky, and vodka.  HDA didn\'92t have the operating budget to stock the good stuff, nor anything too outside of the norm.  I doubt the decision to give away what would probably amount to 50 to 75 free alcoholic drinks was easy, but it didn\'92t take a Harvard Business degree to know that losing customers over a two-hour delay on the tarmac was not an option for the already struggling airline.\
\'93We\'92ll bring out the cart in just a moment.  And like the captain said, if you\'92re going to smoke you should do it now before we hit the weather\'97the cart\'92s going to make it tricky.\'94\
I heard the sound of a dozen seat belts unbuckling at once, followed by several fumbled \'93excuse me\'94 voices.  I continued to load the cart on auto-pilot, my awareness focused on my schoolwork.  The ten minutes between takeoff and cruising altitude hadn\'92t gotten me far into the chapter, and I still couldn\'92t see the path from what I\'92d read to what I knew my homework was.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 It\'92s a cache priming problem
\i0 , I thought as I pulled a bag of ice out of the freezer.  
\i There are N passengers, each with a probability P of ordering a drink.  The range of drink orders is the set O, which includes all combinations of rum R, whiskey W, vodka V, gin G, tonic T, soda water S, cola C, and most important of all: ice I.  How do you stock the beverage cart B, which is really just a cache, to maximize the orders that can be filled from the cart, minimizing the number of cache misses M\'97how many times I have to walk back here to the galley to restock the cart
\fs30 \'97without knowing the drink orders up front?
\i0 \
Speaking of up front, I knew Pamela would already be in First Class doing exactly that: taking drink orders with her cactus-green HDA notepad and natural brown pencil.
\fs32   She could get away with that with her 22 souls.  Terry and I had Coach and 129 souls\'97it was just more efficient, and visible, to make a best guess with the cart and restock later.\
A throat cleared behind me, followed by an \'93excuse me\'94.\
I turned to find a young man, a few years younger than me anyway.  I seem to remember him seated somewhere to port in the low teens, in one of the exit rows, maybe?  I made eye contact with him and he immediately looked down.  His eyes landed on my chest and locked on my name badge before he blushed and looked away.  I\'92d seen eyes follow that path for the six months I\'92d been flying and no longer reacted to it.\
\'93Yes, sir?\'94\
His eyes came back up to my face but bounced around it and the galley wall behind me like a billiard ball.\
\'93Do you, um, I mean of course you do, but,\'94 he stammered.  In the time it took him to get that far, I\'92d already parsed his accent: Indiana, Illinois, or thereabouts.  He looked 22, but he sounded more like 17.  I\'92d have to card him if he ordered alcohol. \'93I mean, um, what\'92s the movie tonight?\'94  He added a hasty \'93ma\'92am?\'94 at the end that made me think he was straight out of an Indiana corn field.\
\'93Sorry, but we won\'92t be offering a film tonight.  We don\'92t usually offer them on our overnight flights, so the bright screens won\'92t keep anyone up.\'94  I also knew a third of HDA\'92s 707 fleet had busted projection equipment, and fewer in-flight movies meant less money paid out in royalties.\
His face dropped, and his eyes did the face-chest-floor skip again.  He mumbled an awkward \'93thanks\'94 before turning around and walking back toward his seat.  But he only got a few steps before he stopped and his shoulders slumped.  He turned around and stepped back to me.\
\'93Lily?\'94\
My name.  Here comes the special request.\
\'93Is it okay if we switch seats?\'94\
I stopped scooping ice into the bucket.  \'93Is there a problem with your seat?\'94\
He frowned and his eyes met mine for a beat before deflecting to the cart between us.\
\'93My par-, I mean, I got a seat in the smoking section.  But I don\'92t smoke anymore, and, well, \'85\'94\
My grip on the ice scoop released from the death-grip I hadn\'92t realized I\'92d had.  This was an easy request, and my heart went out to the kid.  My grandfather had quit, and un-quit, more times than I could count when I was growing up.\
\'93We\'92ve got a full flight tonight.  But you know what you can do?\'94  I pointed at the indistinct shapes standing behind the translucent curtain between us and the smoking section.  \'93Those passengers standing by the curtain are probably smokers with seats back here.  You could ask one of them to switch with you.\'94\
He turned to look and seemed to perk up.\
\'93Yeah, I can do that.  Thanks, uh, Lily.\'94\
\'93Of course.  Let me know if you can\'92t find someone.  I can ask around for you, too.\'94\
He seemed mollified by this and went back to his seat.  I\'92d remembered correctly: 13A, over the port wing, exit row seating.  He was a tall kid\'97
\i when did I downgrade him from \'93young man\'94 to \'93kid\'94?
\i0 \'97so it made sense that his parents had gotten him exit row seating.\
I heard a lavatory door open a close, followed by a tap on my shoulder.  I expected the elderly gentleman from 21C and turned to find I\'92d been correct.  He seemed more at ease than when he\'92d gone in, so the worry that I\'92d have to clean up a mess evaporated almost as fast as it had solidified.\
\'93Yes, sir?\'94\
\'93Do you have a paper?\'94\
His eyes never left my face and I couldn\'92t help but compare that comfortable gaze with the nervous and shifting gaze of 13A.  I turned to look in the rack on the door of the coat closet next to the galley.  It had a handful of magazines but no paper.  As I turned back to the man I caught a blur of motion by the cart.  A surreptitious glance down at my stocks showed me down by two small bottles.\
I could confront him.  We were giving away the drinks tonight\'97why did he need to steal them?  Or \'85 I raised an eyebrow at him and lifted one cheek into a knowing smirk.  I felt it long enough to make it obvious to him that I knew exactly what had happened.  He wasn\'92t embarrassed, but nor was he cocky.\
\'93Nervous flyer, mister \'85 ?\'94\
\'93Duchesne.\'94  He held out a hand which I would have sworn should have held the two bottles but was empty.  \'93But Jim is fine.\'94\

\i Jim Duchesne, 21C.  Got it.
\i0 \
\'93I was an aerospace engineer for 25 years.  Let\'92s just say I know how old this plane is and what that means.\'94\
I didn\'92t have a response for that.  I think my face may have slipped from amused smirk to impressed incredulity.\
\'93Well I\'92ve only been flying for 6 months, but I can say I haven\'92t had any problems like that so far.\'94\
His shrug was noncommittal.\
\'93It looks like we don\'92t have a paper back here, but I\'92ll check when I go forward.  I\'92ll bring one back if we have one.\'94\
He inclined his head in thanks and turned to head back to his seat.\
A few minutes and a few more questions later and the cart was stocked.  By the time Terry made it back to me my brain had finished the shift from homework to flight work and I was ready to get service done so we could put people to sleep.\
\'93What did 18E want?\'94\
\'93Extra blankets.  The poor dear, she looks terrified.  I don\'92t think she\'92s ever flown before.\'94  He took stock of the cart as he spoke.  He frowned at something before picking up two cans of cola and handing them to me.  \'93Swap these out for sugar-free.  This stuff will keep people up all night.\'94\
I shrugged and nodded in acknowledgment.  \'93Good point.\'94\
I reached for the can storage, but a 
\i ding!
\i0  stopped me.  A blue light showed on the wall panel.  As I switched out the cans, Terry scanned the overheads for the call light.\
\'9318E again.  She\'92s going to be some work.\'94\
\'93We should see what she wants before we start service.  I can do it.\'94\
I unwedged myself from behind the cart and put on my best face as I walked the 7 rows to 18.  The lady sitting in E, the middle seat, looked ancient.  Her skin was pale and papery, a sheen of sweat on her forehead.  The window seat next to her was empty\'97likely a smoker getting in their last cigarette for the evening.  The middle-aged man on the aisle in D was reading a magazine and completely disinterested.\
But me?  As soon as I saw the woman my alarm bells started screaming.  I couldn\'92t put my finger on it\'97it wasn\'92t danger or fear.  Or it was fear, but not for myself.  Something made me fear for this woman.  She didn\'92t look sick, but by no accounts did she look well.\
I reached under the overhead and deactivated the call light.  Something told me to squat down to get eye level with the woman.  I\'92m a tall girl, and towering over her sent the wrong impression.  We\'92re not supposed to squat, but I couldn\'92t help myself.\
\'93How may I help you, ma\'92am?\'94\
Her voice quivered, soft and broken.\
\'93My medication.\'94  Each phrase was punctuated with a breath and a motion of several layers of blankets wrapped atop her.  \'93For my heart.  In my bag.\'94  A weak finger pointed up from a hand that didn\'92t let go of the wrap.\
I nodded and was out of the squat and reaching for the overhead before my brain caught up with me.  Fetching carry-ons from the overhead shelf for passengers was discouraged, and a bad idea as a general rule.  I saw that the man in 18D had put his magazine in his lap and leaned over to the woman.\
\'93Are you sure you\'92re okay?\'94  His voice was a whisper which I doubt was heard outside of the three of us.\
The overhead held a briefcase and two purses.  
\i Damn.
\i0   This is why we don\'92t touch passenger items\'97I couldn\'92t be sure which was hers and I didn\'92t want the lady from 18F to walk back up to us and see me holding her bag.\
Wait, I could tell.  One purse was leather, bulky and professional.  The other was cotton, well-worn, and the same shade of lavender as the collar sticking out from under 18E\'92s blanket.\
\'93The lavender bag, ma\'92am?\'94\
18E gave the tiniest of nods as she sucked another breath through her teeth.\
The bag was wedged between the leather purse and briefcase, and took some shimmying to get loose.  I reached up to put a second hand around it when I felt a buzz and the ring finger on my right hand went numb.  My hand jerked back and I stared at it.  Nothing was wrong with it and it was already regaining feeling.  I shook it, flexing and curling it in front of my eyes.\
The man in 18D looked up at me, snapping me back into what I had been doing.  I pulled the bag down and began to hand it to the woman.\
\'93I can help her,\'94 said 18D as he intercepted the bag.\
I looked to the woman for confirmation, and only released my hold on the bag after she nodded at me and gave a shaky smile.  I looked back at the man, staring into his eyes, searching for something that would make me feel okay about leaving him to care for the woman.\
He seemed to realize what I wanted and his eyes widened for a brief moment before he smiled at me and looked to my name tag.\
\'93Thanks, Lily.  I didn\'92t realize she\'92d forgotten, but I can help her from here.  Could she get some water?\'94\
I nodded and walked back, still too thrown off balance to say anything.  I curled and uncurled my hand, even though it already felt normal again.  Terry gave me an inquisitive look as I approached.\
\'93Everything on the up and up?\'94\
I bit my lip, considering my response while pouring water from the pitcher into a small plastic cup.\
\'93We should keep an eye on her.  She doesn\'92t look well.\'94  I held up a finger to signal that I\'92d be right back, then walked to 18.\
The man in 18D had the purse open on his lap.  It had the usual detritus I\'92d gotten used to seeing in my grandmother\'92s purse: makeup cases, tissues, something in a royal purple leather that was probably the corner of a wallet.  18D was struggling to open a dark orange prescription bottle.  I reached past him to put down the tray from the seat in front of her, placing the water into its divot.\
The pills in the bottle were huge, dry and chalky-looking things.  I didn\'92t envy her having to swallow them.  The man had gotten the top off and was reviewing the label.\
\'93Two?\'94  he asked her, receiving a nod.\
His eyes came back to mine and he gave me a nod before returning his focus to the woman.\
I looked to Terry and gave him a similar nod.  He acknowledged and unlocked the cart wheels, pushing it toward me.  He didn\'92t speak until we\'92d gotten to 7, the first row in the smoking section.\
\'93Good to go?\'94\
I wasn\'92t sure what I thought about the encounter, so I gave him a squint and head tilt meant to communicate 
\i let\'92s talk later
\i0 .  He acknowledged it with a mirrored head tilt before putting on his face and turning to 9A to take a drink order from the man sitting there.  I took a moment to do the same, though I admit it took longer than I would have liked.\
The man in 7A was already looking at me, cigarette between his fingers dangling lazy and half-forgotten next to his face.\
\'93Good evening, sir.  What can\'97\'93\
\'93Seven and Seven, sweetie.\'94\
}