{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I should have introduced myself.  Sorry about that.  My head was wrapped up in homework, and then service, and well, you know how it goes.  For someone who is paid to have good manners, I\'92m not as good at it as I ought to be.\
My name is Lily.  Liliana Theresa Ramirez Alonso, but no one calls me Liliana who isn\'92t reading my name off a clipboard.\
I\'92ve been a flight attendant for High Desert Airlines since April, flying since May, for just about six months now.  I admit I\'92m having a small identity crisis about this.  I never planned to become a stewardess.  Yes, I know we\'92re supposed to call ourselves flight attendants, but my grandmother referred to herself as a stewardess for my entire childhood so it\'92s a hard habit to break.\
But as I was saying, I didn\'92t plan for this.  In my head I\'92m a computer programmer.  That\'92s what the textbook, \'93Algorithms and Architecture, 3
\fs22 \super rd
\fs32 \nosupersub  Edition\'94, is for: my night school course in Programming Data Structures.  According to my transcript, I\'92m in my junior year with something like 20 credits to go.  But since I\'92ve had to cut back to a single course each semester, there\'92s no way I could juggle this job and more than one course at a time, it\'92s going to take me 6 more semesters, meaning I won\'92t graduate until December of \'9278 if I\'92m lucky.\
Two more years.  That particular finish line seems so much further away than it did when I started.  I\'92ll be 26 by then.\
Yeah, that math doesn\'92t really work, does it?  What\'92s a 24-year-old doing still in school?\
I graduated in \'9270 but we didn\'92t have the money to send me straight off to school.  Especially not for Computer Science\'97the textbooks and lab fees are crazy.  I spent a year being stupid, immature, and angry about the whole thing before getting my head on straight.  Then I did 5 years as a waitress, bartender, babysitter, whatever I could do that would put cash in my hand.  Those jobs were also easy enough to do at night while I started going back to school in \'9274.\
\'9276 hit me like a freight train.\
My grandparents died in a car crash in March.  I\'92ve lived with them my entire life, as my mom and dad were out of the picture before I was out of diapers.  By May it was clear I wasn\'92t going to be able to keep paying for school and rent in our place, so one had to go.  I admit the decision to let the house go was probably just as much about how sad it kept making me to look around and not see my grandparents as it was about money.\
I needed a job with a flexible schedule and I needed to start thinking about roommates.  Grandma told me so many stories about her time as a stewardess\'97crash pads with eight girls rotating through four bunk beds in a single room
\fs30 \'97that it seemed like the easiest choice in the world.  The pay is pretty awful, but to be honest it\'92s not much worse than scraping by as a waitress.\
High Desert Air is owned by some guys who used to be pilots who flew with grandma.  I called them up, ostensibly to let them know about grandma and grandpa, dropped a few hints, and here I am.\
HDA is struggling.  From what I hear from other people in the business who have come from other airlines, the entire business isn\'92t doing so well.  With gas prices being what they are, tickets are expensive and not many people are flying.  Not that you could tell looking at an HDA flight\'97we\'92re always completely booked.  We\'92re the second or third cheapest option flying out of Seattle.  The owners are just guys who loved to fly, rumor is one of them still does when a pilot calls in sick, so they\'92ll do just about anything to keep the airline going.\
Mostly that means old aircraft with few frills.\
That\'92s the other reason everyone was so happy about the free booze: most HDA passengers understand the consequence of their low ticket price and will take what they can get when it\'92s offered.\
I\'92m making it sound bad.  It\'92s not.  But it\'92s not crumpets and tea, either.  Really, it\'92s just a continuation of the mediocrity and barely-breaking-even theme of \'9276.\
I know everyone is excited about the bicentennial, but to be honest I am ready for \'9277.  It can\'92t possibly be worse than \'9276.}