{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I should explain the whole 
\i reserve
\i0  thing.  I\'92m not doing a very good job at this narrating thing, sorry.\
I\'92m what we call \'93reserve crew\'94.  Most crew fly the same lines, sequences of flights that usually start and end at the same place so that the crew can feel like they have some semblance of a place to call home.  Good lines are jealously coveted, and are doled out based on your seniority.  Since I\'92ve only been in the air for six months, I have almost no chance of getting even a decent line.\
Instead, I fly reserve, which means that I fly when other crew can\'92t or won\'92t.  Sometimes it\'92s because they\'92re sick, sometimes it\'92s because they\'92re no longer legal\'97the FAA has very strict regulations about how much we can work, how often, and how long, and weather can play havoc with it\'97or any number of other reasons.\
I get a call, which I have to return in under 15 minutes, and I have to be at the airport and ready to go in under two hours.  More often than not they want me there even faster than that.  Sometimes I get called into an airport because weather is going crazy and it\'92s almost a sure thing that at least a few other crew are going to not be legal when they land.  I might sit in a chair, reading my textbook, for four hours before I\'92m told to go back home, or told to catch a shuttle to a nearby airport because I\'92m finally needed elsewhere.\
Reserve isn\'92t something everyone can handle.  I don\'92t mind it so much because, to be honest, I don\'92t make the interpersonal connections that most other attendants do.  I almost never work with the same crew more than a few days in a row.  HDA isn\'92t a huge airline, but we do fly to enough places that I can go a week or two before working with the same crew a second time.\
Terry and Pamela\'92s usual third is a woman named Archie.  I think I\'92ve worked with her before\'97that\'92s a unique enough name that it\'92s hard to forget.  She\'92d been all but kicked off of the plane when it landed in Seattle earlier this evening.  She was fighting a stomach flu that was serious enough to have her in a lavatory for a third of the Lansing-Seattle flight, according to Terry.  He and Pamela had dragged her off the plane, frog-marched her to the airport hotel, checked her in, and refused to let her leave the room until she\'92d finally succumbed to the medications they\'92d pumped into her.\
I got the call just as I\'92d started Chapter 13 and was out the door within ten minutes.  Flying reserve, you get used to being ready to go with a minimum of fuss.\
But there was a hitch: I wasn\'92t quite legal yet.  I\'92d only just landed in Seattle that morning, so I needed another hour and change before I was allowed to be in the air again.\
I was the reason the plane sat on the tarmac for an extra hour and a half.\
Okay, well, technically it wasn\'92t me.  If you looked at it the right way, I was the reason these people were in the air instead of sleeping in SEA-TAC because their flight was cancelled or rescheduled for the following morning.\
}