{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I was in the First Class galley when the tail of the plane exploded.\
You don\'92t have to see something like that happen to know that it did.  When there\'92s a sudden loud booming noise that reverb-fades into a howling wind just before your ears pop and you find that you can\'92t breathe too-cold air, well, what else could have happened?\
The ground fell away from my feet and the bulkhead rushed sideways to meet my face.  I got my arms up in time, but I feel something snap in my right forearm before it stopped feeling anything.  A second later and someone was screaming into my ear.\
\'93Lily!  Are you okay?\'94  My brain was working in reverse and I knew it was a 
\i she
\i0  who was shaking me before I could come up with a name or face.  Pamela.  \'93Are? You? O? Kay?\'94  Each syllable was its own question, punctuated with other shake underlined with a jolt up my right arm.\
I struggled to pull frozen razor-blade air into my lungs.\
\'93Yeah.  I\'92m here.\'94\
I\'92d barely gotten the first word out before she\'92d let me go and I heard the PA crackle to life.  It was only then that I noticed the steady increase in screaming.  People were waking up to not being able to breathe and everyone around them screaming.  What else were they going to do?\
\'93OXYGEN MASKS!\'94 came Pamela\'92s commanding voice over the PA.  She sounded like a drill sergeant, calm and direct, and I could barely focus my eyes on the wall a foot away.  \'93PUT ON YOUR MASK BEFORE HELPING THOSE AROUND YOU!\'94\
My knees gave out and hit the floor.  Right.  Air.  Air would be good.\
Pamela\'92s voice was in my ear again instead of the over PA.\
\'93Lily, I need your help!\'94\
She was manhandling me.  Doing something to my head.\
A blast of stale something hit my face and the brain fog cleared.  Pamela was standing over me, ridiculous mask over her face, trying to wedge an elastic strap between my lolling head and the carpet.\
\'93Lily!  Come on, girl!\'94\
\'93I\'92m here.\'94  I shook my head to try to clear more cobwebs, but that made my vision go red.  \'93I\'92m here.\'94\
\'93Can you stand?  Can? You? Stand?\'94\
I closed my eyes, not wanting to think about how much this was going to hurt.\
\'93Yeah.  I think so.  Help me up.\'94\
I lost a second or two, but when my vision cleared I was on my feet.\
\'93Can you hold this?\'94  Pamela was waving a small oxygen tank in front of me.  I was almost thinking straight again and realized the bottle was connected to my own mask.  She had another bottle in her hands.  She\'92d gotten the kits from storage and had thought to make us both portable, all while I was recovering from my introduction to the wall.  Holy cow, this woman had her stuff together.\
\'93Yeah,\'94 and I took it from her.\
\'93I need to check,\'94 she pointed forward, \'93on the pilots.   You,\'94 she swept her arm toward the howling behind me, \'93need to help the passengers.  Get their masks on, and get them into crash positions.  I\'92ll come right back.\'94\
I barely got out my \'93yeah\'94 before she was already pulling herself along the galley bulkhead toward the cockpit.  Watching her crab-walk made me realize that something was wrong with gravity.  The floor wasn\'92t level.  There was a noticeable pitch from back to front, but there was also something pushing me into the wall.  I tried not to think about it and stepped to grab for the PA microphone.\
\'93Listen\'97\'94 the mask was getting in the way of the microphone.  I juggled them both, trying to also keep a hand on the wall.  I settled for pushing the mask up over my nose.\
\'93LISTEN PLEASE.\'94  I didn\'92t yell, but I did my best to channel what my grandmother sounded like every time I got out of control.  \'93I NEED EVERYONE TO ASSUME CRASH POSITIONS.\'94  More than a few screams got louder as I said this.  \'93KEEP YOUR MASKS ON, CROSS YOUR ARMS,\'94 I performed the maneuver as best I could with one arm glued to the bulkhead though it didn\'92t seem like anyone was watching, \'93AND BEND TO PUT YOUR HEAD ON YOUR KNEES.\'94  Heads ducked out of view and some of the screams were muffled.  \'93ARMS CROSSED.  HEAD ON YOUR KNEES.\'94\
I dropped the microphone, not bothering to hang it back in its place.  I glanced back at the cockpit as its door slammed shut behind Pamela.\
\'93They\'92re fine!  We need to help them!\'94  Her free hand waved toward the passengers.  \'93Together!\'94\
I stretched out my right arm\'97I was now sure that wrist was fractured as it screamed at me when I tried to bend it\'97toward Pamela.  We locked elbows, reached for the back of the first row of seats, and hauled ourselves what felt like uphill.\
As we passed each row we forcibly rolled people into crash positions.  Some passengers didn\'92t have masks, and they didn\'92t stir when we pulled their masks on for them.  I had a moment when I wanted to stop and shake them, but Pamela\'92s steady tug on my elbow kept me moving.\
We passed into Coach, repeating the same words and procedures.  Masks, \'93ARMS CROSSED, HEAD ON YOUR KNEES\'94, and little pushes on the back of the head to send the message.\
The farther back we went the more chaotic the scene became.  The howl of the wind grew louder, and even Pamela\'92s perfect hair started to whip in a halo around her head.\
I was fine until we passed the divider between Smoking and Non, the curtains whipping the bent backs of the passengers in the first row.\
Half of the tail was just \'85 gone.\
There was a hole that had to have been twelve or fifteen feet across.  I could see sky through it.  I can\'92t describe it, because I couldn\'92t wrap my head around it.  What was supposed to be there\'97rows of seating, people, overhead bins\'97was instead a dark and cloudy sky.\
Pamela didn\'92t stop, but my arm went slack and we unlinked.  I watched her continue down the rows, unaffected by the sight.\
My knees gave out a second time and hit the deck.  The pitch rolled me back against the divider and I couldn\'92t do anything but sit there.\
I could feel my heart working faster and faster in my chest until the sound of my pulse in my ears drowned out even the shriek of the wind.\
My fingers went numb and I lost what little grip I had on the divider.  I tried to bring my hands to my now-pounding temples, but they were uncontrollable weights on the ends of arms that were now too long and unwieldy to control.\
The buzzing, percussive pounding in my head built until I didn\'92t think I could stand it and my eyes lost focus as I stared at the ceiling.\
I couldn\'92t even form enough coherent thought to wonder what was happening to me.  I was dying.  We were all dying.  What else was there?}