{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \'93Lily.\'94\

\i Oh, hey, that\'92s me.
\i0 \
\'93Lily.\'94\
Why was someone saying my name?  And saying it 
\i wrong
\i0 .\
\'93Talk to me, girl.\'94  Except it was \'93gihl\'94.  Terry?\
I struggled to open my eyes.  A brown haze of a perm surrounded an indistinct face that was tanned to only a few shades lighter.  Terry.\
The synchronized drumbeats in my head and chest began to slow and my senses came back one at a time.\
Hearing: Where was the wind?  It\'92s so quiet now.\
Smell: Cheap rum.\
Sight: Terry\'92s face couldn\'92t have been more than a few inches from mine, eyes darting left and right between my own.\
Touch: He had a grip on my arms that would likely leave bruises.  I think I remember him shaking me.\
Taste: \'85 something.  There was a memory of the stale taste of the oxygen, but it was fading fast.\
\'93Terry!\'94  My hands gripped his arms in return.  \'93The plane!\'94\
But as more around me came into focus, I realized where I was: sitting in the jump seat by the Coach lavatories.  I was no more than three feet from where a gaping, cloud-filled hole had been only moments before.\
\'93There\'92s a girl!\'94  He rocked back and stood up before me, pulling out of my grip.  \'93You alright?  You gave me quite a scare.\'94\
Nothing made sense!  Where\'92s the hole?  Why weren\'92t we falling out of the sky, centripetal force pushing us against the walls?\

\i Dios mio, that\'92s what that had been: we were in enough of a flat spin to push us against the walls.
\i0 \
 I started to dry heave but nothing came up.  Terry was a blur of motion and there was an airsick bag in front of my mouth.\

\i But \'85 not \'85 now.  This is normal.  Gravity works again.
\i0 \
\'93Take it easy.  Just breathe for me.\'94\
\'93Terry\'97\'94  My throat was dry, my voice a crackling whisper.  I licked my lips, closed my eyes, and started over.  \'93Terry, what about the crash?\'94\
His eyes shot wide at the last word and his head spun around, searching to see if another passenger had heard me.  He tilted his head and shot me a look that made two things perfectly clear:\
One, I may have been a rookie, but I should still know which words to avoid in flight.\
Two, he had no idea what I was talking about.\
\'93But \'85 I \'85\'94  I licked my lips and settled on \'93what happened?\'94\
He squatted in front of me again, lowering the airsick back and folding it flat with a flick that all of us could do without thinking.\
\'93You fainted.\'94\
\'93I did?\'94\
\'93You were fine one second and half-way to the floor the next.\'94  His voice, already in that 
\i sotto voce
\i0  we used out of habit when talking with other crew, dropped to barely audible above the white noise of the jet engines.  \'93When did you last eat?\'94\
A question fair enough that I answered it without thinking.\
\'93Sandwich.  When I got the call.\'94\
Stewardesses, flight attendants, whatever, were not exactly known for our stellar eating habits.  We weren\'92t home often enough or long enough to keep well-stocked pantries and we didn\'92t make enough money to dine out everywhere we went.  Many of us subsisted on in-flight food, and I knew some who flew 
\i literally
\i0  so they could feed themselves.  It didn\'92t help that we were expected to stay model-thin.  Oh sure, the airlines weren\'92t allowed to fire us for hitting a size six, but we all knew exactly what would happen.\
Terry looked at me, dubious.\
\'93Sit here.\'94  The stone in his gaze was shattered by my amusement that the last word came out \'93hee-ya\'94.  \'93Don\'92t move.\'94\
He walked off at 
\i Don\'92t Interrupt Me I\'92m On Business
\i0  speed up the aisle.\
I took a moment to look around.\
Everything was back.  Everything.\
There was no hole, no screaming passengers, no cloudy sky.  It was normal.\
The cabin lights were up, rigged for evening illumination instead of night.\
The beverage cart stood, wheels locked in place between me and the galley.  It was fully stocked, loaded with plastic cups, aluminum cans, and small glass bottles of cheap alcohol.\
And that rum smell?  There was a broken bottle between me and the cart.  The neck had sheared off and half of the liquid had spilled onto the carpet.\
Seeing the mess, something clicked inside.  I stood up, walked to the galley for a towel, and stooped to mop up the mess.  It took a moment to realize that my head was clear\'97the drumbeat was gone and I wasn\'92t at all dizzy or nauseous.  Other than being a bit confused, I was perfectly fine.\
Terry returned, small plastic container in his hand.  I recognized it as a single-serving salad from one of the First Class meal packs.  He waved me around behind the cart and into the galley, flourishing a metal fork from nowhere.\
\'93Take a moment.  We\'92ve got time.\'94\
He put himself between me and anyone in the last few rows who might turn around, keeping me in his peripheral vision.\
I was going to protest, but it occurred to me that he was right\'97I was hungrier than I had realized.  I had the lid off and half of the salad put away before I realized what I was doing.\
Had I just fainted and hit my head?\

\i No.  Not possible.  It\'92s been hours since we were here.
\i0 \
\'93What, uh,\'94 I whispered.  Terry smiled at a passenger I couldn\'92t see and inclined his head toward me to show he was listening.  \'93What time do you have?\'94\
\'93Coming up on nine-thirty, Pacific.\'94  Terry\'92s watch was a huge gold-plated monstrosity that I could almost read from six feet away.  It had an almost vertical bar of hands on the 12 and 6\'97he kept his watch on Eastern time and translated without thinking about it.\
I wolfed down the other two bites of my salad.\
\'93We need to go,\'94 I threw the cart a vague wave with my fork, \'93if we\'92re going to beat the weather.\'94  I cut off his squint with \'93And I\'92m feeling better already.  Thank you very much.\'94\
He nodded and unlocked the wheels of the cart, pulling it forward as he backed up the aisle, throwing cautious glances over his shoulder.  I gave my mouth a quick dab with a paper napkin and caught up to him a few rows later, pushing the cart to allow him to face forward.\
We reached the front of Coach, him at row 7 and me next to 9.  I had the strangest feeling of 
\i deja vu
\i0  that I couldn\'92t nail down.  It felt like I had done this all before, and I 
\i remembered
\i0  doing it before, but \'85\
But I\'92ve done this hundreds of times in the last six months.\
And of course I recognize these people\'97I helped them board, got them pillows, looked them each in the eyes as I performed the safety demonstration.\

\i You\'92re just \'85 I don\'92t know.  Maybe you\'92re juggling too much.
\i0 \
I\'92d lost a few seconds in thought and the man in 9A harrumphed at me.  I gave him my warmest, non-culpable smile.\
\'93What can I get for you this evening, sir?\'94\
\'93What booze ya got?\'94}