{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I could feel the gentle bank to port just as I stowed the last of the leftover drinks.  I added two miniature bottles of gin by pushing back a half-dozen bottles of rum, which I\'92d run back from the cart on an earlier trip to the galley when it had become clear we were going to need far more vodka.  Terry had been a bloody mary salesman, convincing passengers that the sugar in the rum would keep them up and that the tomato juice was as close as they\'92d come to dinner service for the evening.  Between his accent and his sense of humor he got away with more irreverence than I thought I could ever pull off.\
\'93What was with the bloody marys?\'94\
His mustache gained a conspiratorial smirk and his reply was barely audible.\
\'93The tomato mix is on its way out.  I wanted to get rid of it.\'94\
\'93I hadn\'92t noticed.  Good catch.\'94\
A woman in her late forties, who I remembered as being in 15 or 16 E or F, squeezed around Terry to get to the lavatory.  His eyes bulged as she passed and there was a slight hitch as he wiped the condensation off the now-empty ice bucket.  I\'92d been in that position enough times to know exactly what had happened.  His jaw tightened for an instant, confirming without words.  He moved around the cart, into the entrance to the galley and well out of the path to the aisle.\
When the woman came back out of the lavatory I had to suppress a snicker.  It was obvious that the woman had removed her bra.  Terry made a polite smile and nod in her direction, handing me the last of the serviettes from the cart.  The woman didn\'92t so much walk past him in as much as she sauntered, making sure he could see every stretch and slide of fabric against her.  She flicked an eyebrow at me as she passed.\
I broke the silence with a whispered \'93well, then\'94 as I slid the cart into its home beneath the galley counter.\
Terry was unreadable\'97he could have been interested, disgusted, amused, or anything else.  His eyes locked on the same lavatory door the woman had just exited.  He walked over to it and peeked inside.\
\'93Did you think she\'92d left a mess?\'94 I asked when he rejoined me a moment later.\
His response was more exasperated than I was expecting.\
\'93No, worse.  I was worried she\'92d left me a present.\'94\
My eyes widened at the idea.  Who just strips off their bra and then leaves it in a restroom for a guy to find?\
\'93It wouldn\'92t be the first time,\'94 he sighed.\
I choked back a laugh and had an idea.  I grabbed for the PA microphone.\
\'93Ladies and gentlemen, we\'92re about to dim the lights for the evening.  Terry is going to make one more pass through the cabin to pick up any leftover service items.  This will also be your last chance for the restroom before we hit some bumpy weather in 20 minutes.  Try to get a good night\'92s sleep and we\'92ll see you in Florida.\'94\
Only two passengers made their way back to the lavatories.  Everyone else was either content or already asleep.\
I scrubbed my hands in the tiny galley sink\'97no matter how careful I was, I always felt like I ended up with my hands covered in beverage after service.  I looked around for stray items, but we\'92d cleaned up well.  Nothing was going to rattle around when the weather hit.  I managed to waste another ten minutes before giving up and going back to my jump seat.\
I sat there, textbook on my lap but unable to concentrate enough to read.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 What was that?  There\'92s no way it was a dream, right?
\i0 \
Try as I might, I had trouble coming up with anything specific that I remembered happening before the crash.  It was just another normal flight.  We had hit the turbulence just when the pilot said we would.  Which pilot had it been?  It couldn\'92t have been an hour and a half ago, but that faint-dream-thing made it feel like the full eight hours had passed.\

\i Lawrence.  Lawrence was the name of the pilot.
\i0 \
I\'92d met him during preflight, before the passengers boarded and before the union rep showed up.  Right.  He\'92d introduced himself as Lawrence and then introduced his co-pilot, Stephen.  No.  Simon.  That was it.  Lawrence and Simon.  Lawrence I remembered because I\'92d seen his name tag as he\'92d approached and I\'92d thought it was odd that someone would go by Lawrence instead of Larry.  Then he\'92d spoken, with his erudite enunciation and prince-like politeness, and that mystery had been solved.\

\i Wait.  You\'92re getting off track.
\i0 \
I was trying to remember specific things that had happened between service and the \'85 incident.  The accident.  Even thinking the words \'93the explosion\'94 made my jaw clench.\
We\'92d had weather for something like two hours, the kind I think of as checkerboard weather.  We\'92d hit clear patches, then rough, then clear again, cycling a half dozen times.  It had been enough to warrant the Fasten Seatbelts sign, but not enough to stand out.  I\'92d been reading for most of it, but I didn\'92t see too many people shifting in their seats.  I was confident that most passengers had slept through it.\
Terry had taken the jump seat next to mine.\

\i He had a book.  What was it?
\i0 \
I tried to picture it in my mind.  It was a paperback, on the thick side.  White cover.  Red letters, maybe silver?  Maybe silver letters with a red drawing?  Or the reverse?\
It wasn\'92t coming to me.  I hadn\'92t paid attention.  My nose had been buried in my textbook in the low light, head focused on working through the homework assignment.  Terry had made one or two attempts to have a conversation, but I couldn\'92t remember any details.  I doubt I had been very good company, as distracted as I\'92d been.  He\'92d gone back to his book and I to mine.\
After the two-plus hours of weather, we\'92d had another two and a half of clear air.  Again, I couldn\'92t come up with anything specific that had happened.  Maybe another three or four passengers had gone past me into one of the lavatories, but I hadn\'92t paid much attention to who or which.\
By the time I\'92d gotten up to stretch at something like six in the morning, Eastern time, nothing at all eventful had happened.\
Dreams could be like that, right?  Where you\'92re in one place one moment, then in another place and another time the next moment?  Just a watery blur between the two?\
Except that this didn\'92t feel quite like that.  It didn\'92t have that feel of 
\i missing
\i0  time, inasmuch as
\i  uninteresting
\i0  time.\
I\'92d spent the chunk of time, maybe a half hour, getting individual beverages of the non-alcoholic morning variety for passengers as they woke up.  We weren\'92t going to offer a morning beverage service so instead I\'92d ferried individual and pairs of orange and apple juices, waters, and colas from the galley.  I\'92m pretty sure I\'92d even served one or two tomato juices, which I now wondered about given Terry\'92s assertion as to its state.\
How had I ended up in the First Class galley with Pamela?\

\i Towel service.
\i0 \
Right!  That\'92s it!  The memories were coming a little easier now, like I\'92d dislodged a hairball in a clogged drain.\
The man in the business suit had asked for a towel to freshen up.  He hadn\'92t wanted to wait for the now-growing line at the lavatories, so he\'92d pulled me aside on one of my drink trips and asked if First Class had any left over warm towels.  I\'92d been embarrassed, as I hadn\'92t remembered if Pamela was going to do a towel service.  HDA only does it for First Class on overnight flights, but not on all of them.  I\'92m sure there is a pattern to when we do and when we don\'92t, but since I almost never work First Class, I hadn\'92t paid enough attention to spot it.\
He\'92d caught me off guard, so instead of a polite negative I had stammered out an \'93I\'92ll check\'94.\
Terry had been running drinks and collecting trash, like me.  I\'92d asked him about towel service and he\'92d said he was almost certain we weren\'92t going to offer it today.  The line for the lavatory was getting to be a problem for getting into and out of the galley, so I\'92d gotten the passengers into something more orderly and then walked up to First Class to talk to Pamela.\
The answer had been obvious from the moment I\'92d stepped out of Coach\'97no one in First Class had a towel, and Pamela would have been on top of it\'97but I was committed and asked her anyway.\
That\'92s when the incident had occurred.  I don\'92t even remember if I\'92d gotten the chance to ask her about the towels.\

\i That seems awfully vivid for a dream.
\i0 \
Well, the last part was anyway.  The first part, like any other overnighter, was as uneventful and unmemorable as it gets.\
Had it been a premonition?  In the movies and on television when fortune tellers and psychics had visions it seemed like they only ever got flashes of the big events.  They got the highlight reel.  Is there such a thing as a mostly-boring premonition?  If there was, that sounds like it would be my luck.  Sure, I can see the future, but only in real time and only when it\'92s a snooze-fest.  Up until the end, anyway.\
Well, if it was a premonition it was already wrong.  From where I\'92m sitting I can see the dark patch of carpet where I broke the rum bottle, and I can still smell it.  My \'93premonition\'94 hadn\'92t included a broken bottle.  And I\'92m not one hundred percent certain, but I think Terry and I ended up switching places during drink service\'97the premonition had me in front and him behind, but we\'92d just done the opposite.\
At least \'85 I think that\'92s how it happened.  Why hadn\'92t I paid more attention?\

\i Why would you pay more attention?
\i0 \
It wasn\'92t like serving bar, where seeing the same customers every night and knowing their favorite drinks would get me more tips.  Sure, I\'92d seen a few repeat travelers, but not enough times to get to know them.  And since flight attendants don\'92t get tipped it\'92s not like I try to make myself stand out with memorable service.  I pride myself on my professional efficiency and courtesy, not on providing some unforgettable experience.\
\'93May I?\'94\
I\'92d been so wrapped up in my own head that the voice alone made me jump and almost drop my forgotten textbook.  Pamela was pointing at the jump seat next to me, already moving to sit down without waiting for a response.  I recovered, wrangling my book back into my lap, and nodded.\
\'93How are you doing tonight,\'94 I asked, breathless, \'93everything okay up front?\'94\
Pamela\'92s perfect passenger-facing plastic smile gained the smallest of mirthful smirks and raised eyebrows, her eyes darting to the right to check her periphery for stray eavesdroppers.\
\'93Terry asked to take over for a while.  He wouldn\'92t say why,\'94 she paused more for effect than because she expected me to fill in the gap, \'93but I\'92ve seen that look on his face before.  I would hazard to guess he has caught the eye of a lady?\'94\
An undignified snort may or may not have escaped me.  I plead the Fifth.\
\'93Yes, I thought so.\'94\
\'93While I\'92m thinking about it, question: are you doing a towel service before we land?\'94\
She shook her head, her perfect hair an unmoving testament to patience on a geological scale.  I had a flash memory of walking up the pitched aisle just askance behind her, the wind pulling fly-aways out into a halo a few at a time.  My breath caught at the intensity of the vision.\
\'93No, we didn\'92t load any towels.\'94\
I might have been mistaken, but I thought I heard the tiniest hint of acid in her response.  Once again, I\'92d been too distracted inside my own head to pay attention to someone right in front of me.\

\i Concentrate!
\i0 \
She saw something in my expression and tilted her head.\
\'93Why do you ask?\'94\
\'93I couldn\'92t remember.  It\'92s not important now.\'94\
A beat passed, but she spoke again an instant before it would have gotten awkward.\
\'93What\'92s the book?\'94}