{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I should mention that I\'92ve flown with Pamela twice before.  I don\'92t think either was a long flight, and she\'92s always in First Class and both times I\'92d been in Coach as I am now, so we didn\'92t get much opportunity to chat and get to know each other.  There\'92s a reason I\'92ve always seen her work First Class, and for once it has nothing to do with seniority.\
In my mind, Pamela\'92s full name is Pageant Pamela.  I don\'92t think I even know her last name, though I admit I must have seen it on a manifest at some point.  It doesn\'92t matter, because her real last name is immaterial.  Pageant Pamela.  That\'92s who she is, and anyone who met her would come to the same conclusion.\
To be clear, I name her this out of respect, awe, appreciation, and no small amount of jealousy.\
Pamela is as close to the flight attendant definition of beauty and perfection as you\'92re going to get.  As part of my degree program I took a course in computational statistics.  I am therefore qualified to tell you that she\'92s a standard deviation or three to the far end of the curve.  Even if you make a sample group containing only flight attendants, she\'92s still off the scale.\
She\'92s six feet even in heels, and I suspect an impressive five-eleven in flats.  She fills out her uniform just enough to catch every man\'92s eye, but carries herself with so much elegance that it wouldn\'92t occur to them to mentally remove said uniform.  Her skin has the perfect, tight smoothness of someone my age in her mid-to-late twenties, but speaks with an authority and assuredness that I associate with someone a decade or two older than me.\
What kills me is that she makes it seem so 
\i effortless
\i0 .\
The beauty standards the airlines hold us to are contested and recently illegal, but you can\'92t change decades of historical inertia overnight.  We are, for all intents and purposes, an entire industry built on beauty standards and professionalism.  This means we all know we are, as a rule, better looking than average.  Some of us can get wrapped up in that and turn it into an end instead of a means.\
When I say Pamela made it look effortless what I mean is that I\'92d never seen her primp, flirt, or do anything to suggest that her beauty was anything other than a remarkable coincidence.\
I, on the other hand \'85 where to begin?\
Look, I know I\'92m not bad on the eyes, but nor am I even in the same league as Pamela.\
When I\'92m not hunched over a book I hit a respectable five-seven in my work heels.  I don\'92t fill out my uniform in the same statuesque proportions\'97I feel like I have weak, round shoulders and my waist doesn\'92t hourglass inwards inasmuch as drop straight down from bust to hips.  The straight black hair I got from my father, or so I\'92m told, is thick and straight enough that I can do a very professional braid or bun that will stay under control for all but the longest of flights without giving me a driving headache.\
If I\'92m honest, I know I\'92m to the left side of the mean on the flight attendant curve.  I didn\'92t get the job because I\'92m the fairest of them all.  I got it because I\'92ve worked enough service industry jobs to know how to handle myself, and given enough time in front of a mirror I can get myself just about to that middle line.  I won\'92t be able to forever, but I can hold out for a few more years.}