{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \'93It\'92s a textbook.\'94  I flipped it up so she could read the title.  \'93I\'92m going to night school.\'94\
\'93Really?\'94  Her expression was intrigued, but otherwise unreadable.  \'93How many classes do you have left?\'94\
I almost blurted out the same flip reply I always do when a crew mate noticed my school books\'97a self-deprecating deflection to switch over to some other topic.  Something about her body language made me bite it back. She settled back into the seat, crossing one leg over the other and looking the both relaxed and alert at the same time.  She was settling in.  She genuinely wanted to know.\
\'93I\'92m a junior.  I\'92m just wrapping up a course in two weeks, but then I have 6 more semesters to go.\'94\
\'93So \'85 two more years?\'94\
Her expression was still off-putting.  Not because there was anything wrong with it\'97there was not\'97but because I couldn\'92t parse it.  I found myself holding my breath, waiting for the other conversational shoe to drop.\
\'93Class of \'9278 if I can stick with it.\'94\
Part of what was throwing me off was her attention.  She wasn\'92t distracted or disinterested, but she managed to keep an eye on Coach nonetheless.\
\'93Would you go on, or would that be it?\'94\
I exhaled through my nose, jaw line tighter than I would have liked.\
\'93I don\'92t have much of a choice.  I\'92d never be able to afford it.\'94  I stared at the cover of the book in my lap, twisting visions of life choices, careers, and outcomes swirling through my mind\'92s eye.  \'93To be honest, the past six months of trying to juggle this job and school have been tough enough.  I can stick it out for two more years, but another four or more on top of that at this pace?  No way.\'94\
There was a longer pause in which I didn\'92t get the sense that the conversation was over.  I was nice, actually.  It gave me a chance to get used to the idea of talking to her.  Socially, that is.  I didn\'92t hate the idea, I just hadn\'92t thought it would ever happen.\
I was half-way through the sentence before I realized I was asking it.\
\'93Did you get a degree?  Before you started doing this, I mean?\'94\
As she spoke again she turned to face me.\
\'93I went to college for a time, but it didn\'92t work out.\'94\
\'93What was your major?\'94\
It happened: she cracked.  By which I mean that the permanent plastic smile of hers dropped to a straight line, just for an instant.  Part of me was shocked, but another part just wanted to apologize and run away for causing such a thing to happen.  But there was no turning back\'97I was committed.\
It was her turn to inhale before she answered.\
\'93Accounting.  I was going to be an accountant.\'94\
The words didn\'92t escape my lips, but they must have shone in my eyes.  Pamela regained her smile and then some.\
\'93Not what you expected to hear?\'94\
\'93No, but I\'92m not sure what I expected.\'94\
\'93Why is that?\'94  She switched to a deep southern accent, straightening her back and posing her hands across her knee.  \'93You were expecting a hairdresser or cosmetologist?\'94\
If possible, my eyes went even wider.  I felt my face flush.\
\'93What?  No!  It\'92s just that you\'92re so \'85\'94\
She dropped her hands back into her lap and leaned back to await my next word.  I groped around the inside of my brain, but I couldn\'92t come up with the right word.\
\'93Authoritative.\'94\
She looked stunned for a moment before throwing her head back and letting out a short, quiet gasp of a single laugh.\
\'93I am certain I have never heard anyone say I was authoritative.\'94\
She didn\'92t seem offended, so I continued.\
\'93Maybe that\'92s not exactly the right word.  But you\'92re so confident.  Had you said fire chief or news anchor I would have been less surprised.\'94\
\'93Why thank you, that\'92s very kind,\'94 she said, jumping over that last sentence with the fluid motion of a ballerina.  \'93I was always good with numbers in high school.  Not the graphs and angles and geometry, but the hard numbers.\'94\
\'93I took a statistics course last year.  I didn\'92t hate it, but it didn\'92t blow my skirt up.\'94\
Her smile deepened.\
\'93Probabilities and possibilities.  I loved my statistics classes.\'94  Her eyes jumped to Coach and back.  She ducked her head, conspiratorial.  \'93It\'92s what I do to entertain myself on long flights.\'94\
\'93Statistics?  No way.\'94\
That same gasp of a laugh escaped her.\
\'93Everything is statistics.  When I have down time, I look out to see all those faces.  I think about this group compared to the group on my last flight.  It becomes a sort of a guessing game.  How many women will sit in First Class on my next flight?  How many old or young people?  Does the spread change more based on our city of departure or our city of arrival?  Is it changing over time?\'94\
I was stunned.  I didn\'92t, in any way, think Pageant Pamela was dumb, but I never would have guessed that she played statistics games in her head to keep herself amused.\
\'93That\'92s \'85 that\'92s really cool,\'94 was all I could get out.  Then it hit me.\
\'93Hey!  I did that!\'94\
\'93What\'92s that?\'94\
\'93When we were preparing the cart earlier, I was thinking about how much alcohol we\'92d need versus how much we normally need.  I was doing my best to predict tequila versus rum, but then Terry threw it off by selling so many bloody marys that I had to run back for more vodka.\'94\
\'93Oh, that\'92s good.\'94  Her lips pursed into a brief mock pout.  \'93I\'92m sad I didn\'92t get to play that one.\'94\
Just like that, I had forgotten my tension and awkwardness around Pamela.\
\'93How did you come to this,\'94 I waggled my hand between us, indicating our uniforms, \'93instead of accounting?\'94\
She took a moment to compose her answer.  The intensity of her smile faded a little, but didn\'92t vanish this time.\
\'93Accountants use math to help people.  I\'92d get to make sure people didn\'92t misplace a decimal on their taxes.  If they were going through a hard time, I could help them or their business figure out what they needed to do to get back on track.  I\'92d get to make a difference.\'94\
\'93I \'85 I know exactly what you mean.\'94  I held up the textbook and she tipped her head to acknowledge it.\
\'93But I had an \'85 interruption in my time at college.  You can\'92t be an accountant without a degree and I couldn\'92t make a college schedule work out.  I didn\'92t want to live with my parents for the rest of my life, so one day I answered an ad in the paper.  It was on a whim, really.  I started out in this tiny airline you\'92ve never heard of, doing three quick turns a day so I could be home in time for dinner.  Along the way I realized that I got what I wanted.\'94\
\'93How\'92s that?\'94\
\'93I talk to fifty or sixty people each day.  It\'92s my job to make their lives better, if only for a short time.  Not all of them appreciate it, and some don\'92t even notice me.  But at the end of the day I know I\'92ve done my best and at least a few people are going to deplane a little happier than when they boarded.\'94\
\'93Seriously?\'94\
My incredulity broke the spell and she stared at me.\
\'93No!  I mean, I\'92m just impressed that you can keep that attitude.\'94  I fanned my fingers toward the bulkhead between us and Coach.  \'93Must of them aren\'92t inclined to cheer.\'94\
\'93It wouldn\'92t be much of a challenge if they were.\'94\
We shared a silence that let me absorb what she\'92d said.  I broke it, thinking aloud.\
\'93I never asked her why.\'94\
The sound of my own voice snapped me out of it.  Pamela was looking at me, politely waiting for me to continue.\
\'93My grandmother was a stewardess for twenty years.  She told me so many stories about it.  She got into it during World War II.  My grandfather was a gunner on a destroyer, and grandma said the only way she could keep up with that much adventure was to get a job where she was flying every day.  I think she would have been a pilot instead of a stewardess if she could have gotten away with it, just to one-up him.\'94\
\'93She sounds like quite the firecracker.\'94\
\'93Yeah.  I\'92ve seen old photos of her back then.  She flew everywhere while grandpa was at sea, always getting her photo taken at one landmark or another.  She had to prove that she\'92d been there and done that.\'94\
\'93I know she switched to a regional airline when grandpa came back, then took a few years off when my mom was born.  But she went back to it for more than another decade, and I never asked her 
\i why
\i0 .  What did she love about it so much that she would fly the same three flights to the same three cities, six hours a day every day?  I should have asked.\'94\
The plane trembled, followed by a 
\i ding!
\i0  a few seconds later.  We both turned to look at the indicator lights in the galley.  A Fasten Seat Belts icon now glowed a pale yellow-brown.\
I turned to her and asked, \'93I can check Smoking?\'94  We needed to ensure passengers were belted-in, even if we had to wake them up to do it.  She knew what I meant and nodded.  I flashed to my dream version of this moment.  In it, Terry had checked both sections, telling me he wanted to stretch his legs.\
The floor vibrated again, still only a warning of what was ahead.  I should have done this check before we hit the weather\'97if I have to wake anyone just to get them buckled, I\'92m going to feel awful.\
We did our slow reconnaissance.  Of the sixty-six passengers in the Smoking section, all but two were secured.  I had to wake the mother in 14E to buckle her ten-year-old boy sleeping in 14F.  She didn\'92t take much, just a gentle hand on her shoulder.  I pointed to her son and whispered \'93seat belt\'94 as the plane shook beneath us.\
The second was a large man in 17D, snoring in hitches as I approached.  He didn\'92t wake up when I put my hand on his shoulder.  I didn\'92t want to shake him or speak too loudly, so I squatted down next to his seat to get closer to his ear.\
\'93Sir?  Sir?  I need you to buckle up, sir.\'94\
He stirred, but didn\'92t wake.  I considered taking the liberty of just buckling him in, but it looked like he was sitting on the far side of the belt.  Instead, I reached down to grasp his fingers and squeezed.\
\'93Sir?\'94\
He started awake with a snort, looking about before finding me crouched next to him.\
\'93I need you to buckle up, sir.  We\'92re heading into some weather.\'94\
The man scowled at me.  He started to speak, but I interrupted him.\
\'93It will be light enough that you\'92ll be right back to sleep, but\'97\'94 as if on cue the plane shimmied.  \'93But I need you safe and secure, sir.\'94\
The man considered arguing with me but a second shake, forceful enough to make me grab the seat in front of him to steady myself, seemed to convince him.  I said a silent prayer of thanks for the good timing.\
He fumbled around between himself and the seat as I stood up next to him.  I\'92ve seen enough play acting to know to not walk away until I saw him buckled, so I just beamed him my warmed smile.  He managed to extract the belt after some time, buckled, and made a show of closing his eyes and ignoring me.\
\'93Thank you sir.  Sleep well.\'94\
No one was likely to light up a cigarette any time soon, and even if they did it was unlikely to disturb anyone in Non-Smoking.  I decided to retract the curtains dividing the sections, pushing them into their recession in the bulkhead between 17 and 18.  This would make it easier for us to keep an eye on both sections for the remainder of the night.  I could come back in a few hours and close them again.\
Pamela stood with her back to me just on the other side of the divider, whispering with the man in 18D.  She took a small step aft to clear the curtain, but didn\'92t turn around.  It gave me a thought, and I turned to walk back through my rows, counting.\
According to my tally, four of the passengers in this section were still awake.  Each of them had their reading lights on, three engrossed in books and one middle-aged woman doing needlepoint.  I stepped around Pamela, still whispering with the man, and continued my count through Non-Smoking.  Other than the man in 18D, only two others were awake: Mr. Duchesne in 21C had an ancient-looking paperback, while a businesswoman in the far back corner of 27A had a briefcase on her lap and a pile of folders and papers she was flipping through.\
The tremors beneath us were still not too violent, but had gotten persistent enough that I knew we should be getting to our seats, too.\
I turned back to find Pamela walking toward me.  It took me a moment to place what was wrong: she wasn\'92t smiling.\
Raising an eyebrow at her as she approached, I asked \'93everything okay?\'94 in a whisper.\
She raised her chin to point at our jump seats and walked past me.  I followed and we strapped ourselves in.\
\'93What\'92s the matter?\'94\
I was in the seat closest to the door, her the aisle, and she stared forward into Coach for several seconds before answering.\
\'93I am not sure.  Something wasn\'92t right.\'94\
\'93In 18?\'94\
\'93Do you know their names?\'94\
I almost answered before I caught myself.  I knew the names Terry had said in my dream: Dearborn, Hamilton, and Keats.  Those 
\i might
\i0  have been their real names, which I had 
\i maybe
\i0  seen on their tickets or luggage or the manifest.  But I couldn\'92t be sure, so I shook my head.\
\'93Have you spoken with them tonight?\'94\
\'93Yeah.  The older woman was having heart problems and I helped get her medication from the overhead.  Is she okay?\'94\
Pamela was silent.  A flutter went through my chest that had nothing to do with the turbulence.\
\'93Is she okay?\'94  I repeated.\
\'93I don\'92t \'85 I don\'92t know.\'94\
It was the first time I had ever seen Pamela unsure of anything.  It made my blood run cold.\
\'93What happened?\'94\
\'93She wasn\'92t belted in, the older lady.\'94  Pamela\'92s hand reached out in front of her.  \'93I went to wake her, but the man caught my hand.\'94  She pulled it back in the same slow, distracted motion that had moved it forward.  \'93He asked that I not disturb her.  He said she\'92s a light sleeper, and that\'92s when I noticed that she was \'85 moaning in her sleep.  Whimpering, like she was in pain.\'94\
\'93That\'92s awful!  We should\'97\'94  I moved to unbuckle but Pamela stopped me.  The airplane continued to shake around us.\
\'93He buckled her in.  The straps were right there on her lap.  He said she had finally gotten to sleep after a hard night.  That he appreciated if we could just let her rest.  But the sounds she was making \'85 the tiniest things that I never would have noticed if I hadn\'92t been right there.\'94\
\'93Do you,\'94 I had trouble finishing.  \'93Do you think she\'92s okay?\'94\
Pamela\'92s face tightened into a frown severe enough to turn the skin around her lipstick bright white.\
\'93My father had a heart attack a few years ago.\'94  She looked down into her hands, now clasped in her lap.  \'93When I saw him in the hospital the next day he was asleep.  He made the same sounds.\'94\
She grabbed for my hand and squeezed.  She took a deep breath, the next words tumbling out stilted and fractured.\
\'93He died the next day.\'94}