{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Pamela and I spent the entirety of the storm spinning up and down in opposition to the weather.  The flight would smooth out and we would get more and more agitated, resolved to do something, anything.  The shaking and dips would resume, keeping us in our seats and giving us time to talk through how little we could do.\
And what could we do, really?\
We could have the pilots land the airplane at the nearest airport so we could get the woman to an airport.  But landing in this kind of weather might be riskier than just continuing on.  Aside from that, we didn\'92t know anything about the woman\'92s situation.  She could be on the way to a specialist in Miami.  She could be terminal, just trying to get home to her family before it was too late.\
We ran through a dozen scenarios, each more tragic and unsolvable than the last.\
In the end we agreed to wait out the weather.  We\'92d approach the man, presuming he was still awake, and ask if we could do anything for her.\
The time dragged on.  I switched over to thinking of time in Eastern, meaning the last of the turbulence would smooth out around 4am.\
Once we had resolved to wait, conversation dried up.  Each of us was too wrapped up in our own thoughts, and I think we both recognized that we were just feeding into each other\'92s hysteria.\
Pamela sat, statuesque in both form and stillness, staring into Coach.\
I fidgeted, absently riffling the pages of my textbook with my fingernails.\
Somehow, we survived until the destination galley clock read 3:55.  A 
\i ding!
\i0  sounded and we both looked up to see the Fasten Seat Belts sign wink out.\
We were both up and in the aisle within moments.  Mr. Duchesne stood up from 21C and smiled as he waited for us to pass.  I gave him a half wave and saw that Pamela had her perfect smile back in place.  I\'92d gotten to see behind that mask for a while, but it was firmly back in place.\
We arrived at 18D to find the entire row fast asleep.  Pamela took a moment, and even though I couldn\'92t see a trace of it on her face I knew we were both struggling with the same decision: we wanted to wake up the man anyway.\
Pamela\'92s eyes closed in a blink that lasted too long before reopening back to her pleasant but inscrutable self.  She tipped her head in the direction of First Class, so I followed her.\
Terry was seated in one of the jump seats, though he was no longer belted in.  The seat next to him contained the remnants of a newspaper.  It looked like he had spent his time during the storm reading every article on every page.\
Have I mentioned how boring these overnight flights can get?\
He saw us approaching and bent to give the pile of newspaper pages a quiet shuffle to try to line them up for folding.  It looked to be an impossible task, so he stopped trying to work with the creases and just made his own.  He stood to greet us.\
\'93Ladies.  How was Coach?\'94\
I deferred to Pamela, who asked \'93Do you know the elderly woman in 18E?\'94\
\'93Sure,\'94 he nodded, \'93Mrs. Hamilton.  Is everything all right?\'94\
As Pamela related her experience I worked to clear a lump out of my throat.  Hamilton was the name he\'92d told me in my dream.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 You saw it on the manifest or her ticket.  Must have.
\i0 \
I stepped into the galley to get a cup of water.  Pamela wrapped up her story and I stepped forward to rejoin the conversation.\
\'93The man,\'94 I said, \'93Mr. \'85\'94 and I let it hang there, staring at Terry to prompt him to supply the name.  As long as it wasn\'92t\'97\
\'93Dearborn.\'94\
My mouth dried out in an instant and I fumbled my words, laughing.  I sipped my water and continued.\
\'93Do you think we should wake him up?\'94\
Part of my mind saw Terry look at his watch and shake his head.  He said something, but I lost it.  The rest of my brain flashed back to when we had boarded.\
I\'92d gotten to Sea-Tac just after 7:30 and had made my way to the gate.  The crew was already aboard the aircraft working through preflight checks.  We did introductions and Terry had told me that they were set up and ready to go.  Terry, Pamela, and I went back into the terminal while the pilots headed back into the cockpit.\
We started boarding procedures.  HDA boards front to back, just like most airlines who offer multi-class service.  I was taking tickets, checking them against the manifest, and handing passengers off to Pamela.  We\'92d made it to row 14 before I felt a tap on my shoulder.\
An unsmiling man in a business suit and a young woman in an HDA terminal crew uniform stood behind me.  The man\'92s name tag announced his name to be Ben, but the more important thing had been the stylized series of engraved letters above his name: PRUFA.  It stood for Pacific Regional Union of Flight Attendants, the same name on my paychecks.  I excused myself from the man holding his ticket out to me and the young woman took over.\
I hadn\'92t made it to row 18.  I hadn\'92t taken the tickets of Mrs. Hamilton, Mr. Dearborn, or Ms. Keats.\
Maybe it was possible.  I could have seen their names a few lines down.\
I snapped back to the conversation as Terry was saying \'93I\'92ll keep an eye on her.\'94\
Pamela nodded and turned to step past me into the galley.  I noticed that the destination clock now read a quarter after four.  If I remembered it right, we\'92d be somewhere around Corpus Christie by now, just about to cut across the Gulf of Mexico, if we weren\'92t already over water.\
That was it, then.  We\'92d land in less than three hours and do what we could to help until then.\
\'93I\'92m going to head back to Coach,\'94 I said to no one in particular and turned to leave.  I heard newspaper crumple behind me but it didn\'92t sound like Terry was following.\
My walk was slow and I took time to look at the faces of almost each and every passenger as I passed their rows.\
No one in First Class was still awake.  The woman in Smoking who had been doing needlepoint was now asleep, as was one of the men who had been reading.  The other two were still awake, though one had shifted from his book to what looked like a crossword from a newspaper.\
Dearborn, Hamilton, and Keats were all still asleep.\
Mr. Duchesne was back in his seat, and while he wasn\'92t asleep he was working to arrange his pillow and blanket to do so.  I bent down to help arrange his blanket and he gave me a sleepy smile and \'93thanks\'94.\
The businesswoman from 27A was not in her seat and as I approached the lavatories I could see that one was occupied.\
I\'92d been sitting for two hours through the storm, so I wasn\'92t ready to sit back down again.  Instead, I stepped out of the aisle and leaned against the cupboards in the galley.\
A small gasp made me look up.  The businesswoman from 27A was standing in the door of the lavatory, hand to her chest.  She closed the door behind her and stepped to me.\
\'93Sorry,\'94 I whispered.  \'93I didn\'92t mean to frighten you.  I was up front for a bit and just got back.\'94  I gave her the best smile I could muster at four in the morning.\
She waved my apology away.\
\'93Sugar,\'94 she said with an accent that conjured images of plantations and parasols, \'93I think I might be catching a chill.  Would you mind if I got my coat?\'94\
\'93Of course, but I could also get you a few blankets if you prefer. So you don\'92t wrinkle your coat?\'94\
\'93Bless your heart, that\'92s so sweet.  But it\'92s not that precious to me and it\'92s quite comfortable.\'94\
I pointed with two fingers at the door in front of me and then another to my right.\
\'93Which closet?\'94\
She indicated the one in front of me.\
\'93That one, behind my seat.  Cashmere, in avocado green.\'94\
I opened the door to the coat closet and flipped through the rack.  Hers was easy enough to pick out, even in the low light.\
\'93That\'92s gorgeous,\'94 I said as I handed it to her.  It was a thick weave and surprisingly heavy.  \'93But will you get too warm?\'94\
\'93That corner is freezing.  I will be good.  Thank you so much.\'94\
I offered to help her into it.  As she shouldered it on I noticed that it had an inner silk lining in a darker green.  This coat probably cost more than I paid for an entire year of college courses.\
She stepped to return to her seat, but then turned to face me again.  She looked at my name tag.\
\'93Lily, I almost forgot.  Someone was sick in the restroom.\'94  She pointed to the one closest to the door.  \'93It looks like they got most of it cleaned up, but not quite.\'94  Her frown was conspiratorial.  \'93Sorry.\'94\
It was my turn to wave off her words.\
\'93It\'92s fine.  It happens.  Thank you for letting me know.\'94\
I pulled the disinfectant from the storage next to the coat closet, along with a plastic bag that held a hand towel-sized rag.\
I didn\'92t smell anything as I opened the door to the lavatory, almost always a good sign.  The messes left by sick air travelers all have very distinct and unpleasant smells.\
It didn\'92t look like there was any vomit in the sink.  I pulled up the lid to the toilet, but\'97\
The explosion threw me into the mirror.  The door slammed closed, rebounded wide open, and slammed closed again.  I dropped the disinfectant bottle and rag, hands going to my ears as they popped.  I rotated, falling into a sitting position on the toilet, dazed and staring up into space.  A misty white cloud poured into the lavatory along the ceiling. I couldn\'92t help it\'97I started screaming, joining my voice with those I could hear over the rush of the wind.\
The room around me squealed and screeched.  Combined with the howl of the wind, it was deafening.  I kept my hands jammed to my ears, but there was no way to block out the cacophony.\
My breath started to come in gasps.  The air felt so thin and cold against my throat.\
Air.  I needed to get to oxygen.  There was some in the bottom of the storage cabinet I\'92d just been in.\
I steadied myself against the walls and pushed to my feet.  That same force to the side\'97it 
\i was
\i0  a flat spin\'97seemed so much worse back here.  I struggled to open the door against it.  My fingers and toes started to go numb, making it even harder to walk or keep hold on anything to stay upright.\
I made it out of the lavatory and rounded the corner, reaching for the storage closet.\
But the closet wasn\'92t there.  Its forward wall was gone, just a drop into empty space.\
My knees gave out on me and I fell back into the galley.  My hands were numb to the forearm now, but I managed to prop myself up enough to see the hole.\
It was unreal, like Godzilla had taken a bite out of the airplane.\
Through the hole, I could see a string of lights swung in and out of view.  I realized with a start that it was a coastline, however many thousands of feet below us.\
I closed my eyes and choked back a sob as I realized that the drumbeat pounding had started in my head again.\
It was happening all over again.  What kind of a nightmare was this?  What was happening to me?\
The percussion built, masking out the world around me.}