{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I gasped and fell to my knees as the pressure in my head vanished.\
The sound of breaking glass and the sugary smell of cheap rum were followed by Terry\'92s exclamation of \'93Lily!\'94\
The pressure may have gone, but I still couldn\'92t quite focus.  I shook my head to clear out the cobwebs.  It only helped a little.\
\'93I\'92m fine,\'94 I gasped.  \'93Sorry.  Just \'85 just give me a sec.\'94\
I stood, shaky, and leaned back against the storage door, once again whole and right where it was supposed to be.\
\'93It was different that time.\'94\
Terry was at my side, hand around my arm.  \'93What\'92s that?\'94\
\'93Nothing, sorry.  Talking to myself.\'94  I turned to face him, rubbing at my temples.  \'93Really, I\'92m fine.  Just low blood sugar, I think.\'94\
He released his grip on my arm but continued to stare at me, focusing on one eye and then the other.\
\'93When was the last time you ate?\'94\
My eyes went to the departure clock in the galley: a few minutes after 9:15pm, Pacific time.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 It was either 4 hours ago, 11 hours ago, or 2 hours ago.  It depends on your point of view.
\i0 \
I didn\'92t have a quick response, which he mistook to mean that I was ashamed of the answer.\
\'93Stay here.  I\'92ll be right back.\'94\
I considered stopping him, but realized that I was hungry again.  I could use the salad he\'92d bring back.  These loops, or whatever they were, made me hungry each time they restarted.\
Why had the time of the explosion changed?\
In the first iteration of the loop the explosion had happened around 6:45 Eastern.  In the second it was around 4:15\'97two and a half hours earlier.  What changed?\
Wait, if it changed \'85 that means it probably wasn\'92t mechanical failure or weather related.  It was intentional.\

\i It was an explosion!  Of course it was intentional!
\i0 \
I saw 
\i Airport
\i0  with my grandparents when it came out a few years ago.  My grandmother had been so excited to see a movie about air travel.  I had asked her how realistic it was and she had waggled her hand at me.\
\'93It is and it isn\'92t.\'94\
I\'92d pressed her about the main plot: a guy with a bomb blows himself up because he thinks his wife will collect his life insurance payout.\
\'93That part,\'94 she had waggled her hand again.  \'93It might be possible at a regional airport where they don\'92t have the budget to install the metal detectors or to hire bomb-sniffing dogs.  But on an international flight with that many passengers?  It would be very difficult.  And we are all good at spotting nervous passengers.  Most of the time if they are nervous it is because it is their first time flying.  But we can always tell if they are up to no good.\'94\
I had been dubious at the time, and I don\'92t know if my experience as a flight attendant had changed that opinion.  Yes, we saw so many travelers that we did begin to get a sense for troublemakers or people who needed an extra comforting smile.  I\'92d also handled my fair share of drunk and rowdy passengers\'97I\'92d learned how to handle them in my time as a waitress and bartender.  But I had never been faced with someone like that bomber: someone who wanted to harm himself or others.\
Had I seen anyone acting suspicious enough that I thought they could be capable of trying to blow up the airplane?\

\i Both times, the explosion was back here.
\i0 \
I spun and opened the coat closet.  We\'92d departed from Seattle in December, so the closet was packed.  There had to have been almost twenty coats of varying sizes, styles, and weights, including the one I had expected to see: avocado green cashmere.  The closet was packed so full that I couldn\'92t see more than the fabric of each arm.\
I dropped into a squat and ran my hands along the floor of the closet.  I knew it was only arms-length deep, but I couldn\'92t touch the back wall from my position.  As near as I could tell there was nothing on the floor, not even dust bunnies.\
\'93Looking for something?\'94  Terry\'92s voice came from the other side of the opened door.\
I waved a hand out to the side of the door and stood up, giving myself a moment to come up with an excuse.\
\'93I thought I saw someone throw a carry-on in here when they hung up their coat.  I didn\'92t want it sliding around when we hit the weather later.  But it\'92s not here, so I guess I imagined it.\'94\
\'93Oh,\'94 he said, noncommittal.  He handed me the salad.  \'93Pamela says you owe her one.\'94\
I took the container, but shot him an eyebrow.  \'93Pamela said that?\'94\
For a moment I thought he was going to continue the gag, but he gave up.\
\'93Right, that was me.  You owe me one.\'94\
I grabbed a fork from the galley and almost inhaled the salad.  \'93That sounds more like it,\'94 I got out between bites.\
\'93Slow down, we\'92ve got time.\'94\
It was too late\'97the salad was already gone.  I stowed the container.  The departure clock on the galley bulkhead showed 9:27pm Pacific.  I looked up to see Terry sniffing and looking around.\
\'93Do you smell that?\'94\
Rum.  The bottle I\'92d broken when the loop restarted.  Last time it had made a mess next to the cart.  This time we could smell it but not see it, meaning it was probably under the cart.  I unlocked the wheels and pulled the cart out of the aisle and into the galley.  Sure enough, a broken bottle of rum had made a small dark patch on the carpet.\
Terry knelt and picked up the bottle and its severed neck, holding them up to get a better look.\
\'93It looks like a clean break.  I don\'92t see any fragments in the carpet.  Toss me a rag?\'94\
He sopped up what he could, leaving a patch that was damp but not unsafe for the passengers on their way to the lavatories.\
\'93That reminds me,\'94 I said, and started pulling rum bottles off the cart.\

\i How many did we have left over?
\i0 \
I remembered putting back two bottles of gin, so I grabbed those, too.  I pushed them onto the liquor shelf and started piling rum bottles into my hands until it felt like what I remembered from the last loop.\
\'93We\'92re going to need those,\'94 Terry said.\
\'93I stocked the cart earlier without thinking.  Like you said, rum will just keep people awake.\'94\
Terry nodded in agreement.  \'93Bloody Marys.\'94  He leaned across the cart, conspiratorial.  \'93I think the tomato mix is on it\'92s way out, anyway.\'94\
\'93I was thinking the same thing,\'94 I said, holding up the replacement bottles of vodka and dropping them into place on the cart.\
}