{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 We were back in the galley unloading the cart by 10pm according to the departure clock.  I wanted some time to myself to think.\
\'93Terry, I can get this.  We\'92ve got forty-five minutes until the weather hits.  Why don\'92t you take a load off?\'94\
He cocked his head but then shrugged.  \'93Right-o.\'94  His gaze went to the magazine rack on the bulkhead by the galley.  \'93I\'92ll be right back.\'94\
In the past six months I\'92d unloaded carts like this more times than I could count, and could probably do it blindfolded.  The rote physical task was comforting, so my thoughts turned to my situation.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 You\'92re looping.  Or you\'92re loopy.
\i0 \
Crazy would feel different, wouldn\'92t it?  I was beginning to wonder if I was crazy during the first repeat.  This one made it clear I wasn\'92t.\
It 
\i was
\i0  a loop.\
I didn\'92t know how it started or why or who did it or what was causing it or even when it was going to happen again.  All I knew is that it was real.\
Wait, I knew more than that, right?\
I knew when and where the beginning of the loop was: standing in the Coach galley where I was now but at 9:17pm Pacific.\
I also knew when and where I\'92d ended each of the previous loops.  The first one ended around 6:45am Eastern, or six and a half hours later.  The second one ended some time before 4:30am Eastern, or four hours and some change later.\
Both times, I had found myself on the floor, staring out that unbelievable hole in the side of the aircraft.\

\i And the numbness and pounding.
\i0 \
Right.  Both times, I went numb in my hands, arms, feet, and eventually legs.  My head had been thumping like a bass drum, louder and harder than anything I\'92d ever experienced.\
Both times, I restarted the loop by falling on my ass and making a mess.\

\i But your arm was fixed.
\i0 \
That\'92s right!  It had broken the first time through.  As unbelievable as it sounds, I had forgotten about it.  When I restarted it was back to normal.\
Terry walked back to the jump seats and sat down, waving a newspaper as he passed.\
In fact \'85 the only physical difference upon restart seemed to be my appetite.  Each time I looped I felt like I hadn\'92t eaten in days, even though I know I\'92d eaten only a couple of hours before the \'85 Wait, what do I call the time before my first restart?  The first time through.\
I can\'92t call it \'93the first loop\'94 or \'93loop one\'94 because I wasn\'92t looping yet.  I\'92m going to have to take a page from my textbook and call it \'93loop zero\'94.\
Got it.  Loop zero is the sequence of events that led to \'93restart one\'94, the jump back to \'93loop one\'94.  I just had restart two, and am now in loop two, which is the third time through.  I can handle that.  But it\'92s a new perspective on how easy it is to make off-by-one errors in loops\'97I never thought I\'92d be living a loop from the inside.\
I have to assume it could happen again.  I need to be more observant this time.  It\'92s the only way I\'92ll be able to figure out what\'92s causing it.\

\i Then there\'92s the explosion.
\i0 \
That, too.  I need to figure out where it\'92s coming from.  It would be pretty dumb to figure out how to stop the loop, only to drop like a rock into the Gulf of Mexico.\
I turned to port and tried to absorb every detail in front of me.\
From rearward-left to forward-right I saw the lavatories, our jump seats, the rear exit, goods storage for the galley, a coat closet, and row 27 with its three seats.\
I\'92d been in one of the lavatories on loop two, and had been safe.  I also knew the jump seats were safe as they hadn\'92t been affected.\
On the zero loop I hadn\'92t been able to see the exit, which implied that it wasn\'92t the problem.  It had been intact at the end of the first loop, as well.\
The first explosion had been chaotic enough that I couldn\'92t remember how far back the hole had extended.  Had it eaten the galley storage, or just the coat closet?  The gaping hole had been distracting enough\'97I had been too out of it to pay attention to details.\
The second explosion had disintegrated the coat closet and half of the storage closet.  I stared at them, tracing their edges and building a mental model of the space.\
My eyes closed and I tried to overlay what I had seen only a short while ago.\
The galley storage wall was, in effect, just a large frame into which plugged a number of crates, carts, and small shelf compartments.  We used it to store meals, dishes, drinks, and everything else we\'92d need throughout the flight.  The wall faced the lavatories, running from the door to the aisle.\
Around the corner, there was a closet that opened onto the aisle itself.  This meant the port side compartments, closer to the door, were deeper than the aisle-side, as the shallow closet took up some of that space.\
Still with my eyes closed, I rummaged through my memories of what was behind the doors.\
The storage closet held the air bottles and masks I had been trying to get, as well as a small stack of spare life vests.  It was also where we kept our cleaning supplies for big messes: disinfectant, sponges, plastic bags, rubber gloves, and probably a few other things I couldn\'92t remember right now.\
The coat closet, as I\'92d verified earlier, contained nothing but coats.  I\'92d double-check it later after lights-out.\
Row 27 backed up to the forward wall of the coat closet.  In it currently sat three passengers.  The businesswoman with the coat was in 27A by the window.  Two men, who I assumed were father and son, sat in 27B and 27C.\
I opened my eyes and reconciled my mental model with what was in front of me.\

\i You\'92re missing a piece\'97there\'92s a hole.
\i0 \
The coat closet was maybe three feet deep as measured from the aisle to windows, then maybe two feet wide as measured perpendicular to that, from the lavatories toward row 27.  The galley storage wall was maybe two feet deep, but it sat aft of the coat closet, sharing a wall.\
That meant there was a chunk of space, maybe three feet by two, wedged in between the coat closet, row 27, and the galley storage.\
It was likely filled with machine equipment\'97maybe the air circulation system, the compressors for the refrigerated compartments in the galley storage, or similar.\
This cast a dark shadow over my bomb theory.  If some piece of equipment in that space was faulty it could have been the cause of the explosion and decompression.  If something I had done differently between loops one and two had caused that equipment to cycle earlier, switch on or off earlier, or just anything different \'85 then there was no way to know.\

\i So you\'92re back to square one.
\i0 \
I looked down to see that the card was empty, the dishes and pitchers stowed.  I wheeled the cart into its storage space and flipped down the oversized locking handle that would keep it in place.\
Terry noticed the motion, folded his newspaper backwards to mark his place, and tucked it away into his jump seat as he flipped it up and locked it.  He glanced at that oversized watch and nodded.\
\'93Lights out?\'94\
I opened a door and pulled out a plastic garbage bag that already had a few items in it.\
\'93I\'92ll walk if you\'92ll talk,\'94 I said, pointing to the PA mic.\
\'93I don\'92t mind walking.\'94\
\'93I\'92ve got it, thanks.  I need to get the blood flowing before I am stuck in that seat for two hours of weather.\'94\
Terry shrugged and reached for the PA, proceeding to give a by-the-numbers announcement about lights-out, upcoming weather, lavatories, and service items.\
One of the first things we learn as flight attendants is that passengers don\'92t like it when you approach them from the rear of the plane.  They feel like you\'92re sneaking up on them.  I brisk-walked to the curtain between rows 6 and 7, the border between First Class and Coach, before turning and beginning a slow walk back to the rear.\
Mr. Duchesne waved as I passed.  He and a two other passengers stood and made their ways to the lavatories, heeding Terry\'92s warning about lights-out and the weather.\
My goal was to see how much more I could observe about the passengers, but I still had to do my job and make sure they were secured.  This meant I was picking up trash, ahem, 
\i service items
\i0 , and ensuring passengers were buckled.  The same walk-through happened some twenty minutes later on the previous loop.  This time I was able to catch people before they fell asleep, including the mother in 14E.\
As I worked my way back through Smoking, Jennifer Keats stepped into the section and lit up a cigarette faster than the curtains could close behind her.  She smiled at me, looked at the cigarette, and shrugged in a \'93what are you going to do?\'94 kind of way.  She moved to let me pass as I approached, but I stopped at 17 to tell the man to buckle.  As the large man struggled to extract his safety belt I addressed Jennifer in something just above a whisper.\
\'93How\'92s Mrs. Hamilton?\'94\
She took a drag and blew a line of smoke toward the ceiling before answering.\
\'93We\'92ll see.  She\'92s sleeping now,\'94 she said, frowning and taking another drag.\
Despite the slow pace of the conversation, the man was still struggling with his belt, scowling at us both for standing right next to him.\
\'93Heart problems?  Will she need more medication before we land?\'94\
Jennifer\'92s frown deepened and she repeated her smoke-before-answering trick.\
\'93Ah, right, that was you.\'94  She turned to look at the man in 17C, found him asleep, opened the ashtray in his armrest, and flicked off her accumulated ash.  \'93Thank you for your help earlier,\'94 she said before turning back to me.  \'93That\'92s all she\'92ll need for the flight.\'94\
The man stopped fidgeting.  I looked and confirmed that he was buckled in.\
\'93Can I get either of you anything else for the night?\'94\
The man snorted, took off his glasses, and closed his eyes.  \'93Go chat in the back,\'94 he said.\
I looked to Jennifer, who was now half-way through her cigarette.  She squinted at the man and shook her head.\
\'93I\'92m fine, thank you,\'94 she said, turning to stub out her cigarette and drop it into the ash tray, flicking the lid closed.\
We stepped through the curtain.  Mr. Dearborn had his tray down and had collected both empty drink cups and wadded napkins.  I opened the garbage bag and he tossed them in.  He flipped the tray up but then didn\'92t stand to let her in, instead pulling back his legs and holding his magazine to his chest.  Jennifer didn\'92t seem to care and stepped gingerly past him and the sleeping Mrs. Hamilton.  She brushed against the blankets as she passed, revealing Mrs. Hamilton\'92s side and an unbuckled belt.\
Jennifer lowered herself to her seat and buckled.  I caught her attention along with Mr. Dearborn.\
\'93Can you two get her buckled in, please?\'94 I asked, again just above a whisper.\
Jennifer moved to pull her side of the belt out from under the blankets, but Mr. Dearborn looked confused for a moment before joining her.  They got the older woman buckled, and Mr. Dearborn adjusted her blankets to ensure coverage.  She stirred once due to the activity, but never woke up.\
\'93Thanks,\'94 I said.\
Jennifer smiled and turned off her reading light.  Mr. Dearborn nodded and went back to reading his magazine.\
Mr. Duchesne was returning to his seat as I turned back down the aisle.\
\'93Can I get you anything else tonight, Mr. Duchesne?  Jim?\'94\
He looked pale, even for a man of what I guessed to be late seventies.  I gave it even odds that he\'92d been born before the turn of the century.  I realized that this man had seen the birth of aviation and had been alive for decades before the job of Flight Attendant, at that time Stewardess, had even existed.\
\'93Do you know how bad the weather will be?\'94\
His knuckles trembled with the strength of his grip on his armrests.  I flashed to our first encounter with him pulling drinks off the cart\'97he\'92d been hoping to take the edge off.  Before I realized what I was doing, I was squatted next to him and had one hand covering his.  He tensed and then relaxed.\
\'93It\'92s not going to be bad at all,\'94 I soothed.  \'93I can personally promise that we won\'92t get anything more serious than a few bumpy minutes at a time.  It\'92ll last a little more than two hours, but it will be smooth flying from there.\'94\
He looked like he was going to say something but then just nodded.\
\'93Try and get some sleep for me, Jim.  It\'92ll help.\'94\
He gave me weak smile and slid down in his seat, closing his eyes.  I stood and continued my sweep.\
I got back to the galley to see that fifteen minutes had passed.  I dimmed the cabin lights with the rheostat on the galley control panel.\
Terry was back to his paper, putting it down into his lap as I approached.\
\'93Everything all right?\'94 he asked.\
\'93It looks like it.  Do you mind if I sit up front for the weather?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t mind at all.  I\'92ll call if I need anything.\'94\
\'93Thanks.  See you in a few hours.\'94\
First Class was already dimmed as I passed through it.  I found Pamela in her jump seat, reading.\
\'93Knock, knock,\'94 I said as I approached.\
It was disconcerting for a moment to see how she looked at me: with her mask on.  She smiled, but it was a different smile than I had been expecting.  We\'92d gotten to know each other in the previous loop and she\'92d opened up, but in this loop I was back to being someone she didn\'92t know.\
\'93Do you mind some company for the weather?\'94\
This was 
\i technically
\i0  a no-no.  If anything were to happen, such as weather nastier than expected, I was supposed to be in the back to help out with Coach.  But even though this version of Pamela didn\'92t remember the last two times she\'92d been through this weather, she still knew it wasn\'92t supposed to be a big deal.\
She made a sweeping motion with her hand as if to say \'93my house is your house\'94 and went back to her book.\
\'93I was also going to make some hot tea.  Should I make two?\'94\
Pamela closed her book around a finger to keep her place and considered.\
\'93That would be very nice, thank you.\'94}