{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I kept my purse in a small storage compartment in the First Class galley.  On most flights I didn\'92t have any use for it, and First Class was more secure than a similar compartment in Coach as there was far less traffic.  While waiting for the tea to steep I grabbed my school notebook and a pen from my bag.  Also useless on most flights as I wouldn\'92t have the time to study my notes, they were my constant companions on overnight flights.\
I put them down on my jump seat, telling Pamela as I passed that I would be right back.\
The door to the cockpit was a few steps past the forward lavatory.  The door had a knob with a lock, but it was kept unlocked on most flights.  I knocked and let myself in.  Both men turned to look at me.\
\'93Captain.  Captain.\'94  I nodded to each of them.\
Simon, sitting on the starboard side, spoke while Lawrence returned to scanning his instruments.\
\'93Is everything okay, Lily?\'94\
The head attendant, more often than not the one running First Class, was considered the interface to the cockpit.  It was understandable that their first question would be if everything was all right.\
\'93Yes, though I was hoping we could borrow the passenger manifest for a few minutes.  We have a passenger with a heart condition who is having a bad night.  I thought it might be good to know who the doctors are before we get into the weather, just in case.\'94\
\'93Good thinking.  Of course.\'94  Simon picked up a folder sitting between the two of them, flipped through several loose sheets of paper in a pocket, and handed it to me.\
\'93Thanks.  I\'92ve got a pot of English Breakfast going.  Can I bring either of you a mug?\'94\
Simon pointed to a tall white mug in a holder next to him.\
\'93Pamela has us on a coffee IV drip, but thank you.\'94\
\'93I\'92ll be right back with this,\'94 I said, and let myself out.\
Pamela watched me as I passed her a second time.  I poured us both mugs of tea, returning to the jump seats.\
\'93Is that the manifest?\'94\
\'93Yeah.  Did Terry talk to you about Mrs. Hamilton?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t believe so.\'94  She slipped a beverage napkin into her book where her finger had been holding her place.  \'93What\'92s wrong?\'94\
I told her about my original encounter with row 18, trying to use some of the words she had used to describe Mrs. Hamilton in the previous loop.  Her sharp inhalation at \'93weak heart\'94 let me know that I\'92d managed to work my way past her mask.\
I skimmed a finger down the manifest, holding it between us.\
\'93It looks like we have three doctors on board.  Dr. Henry Forrest in 3C and what could be a husband and wife in 24E and 24F, Drs. Alan and Edna Michelson.\'94\
Pamela\'92s tone was dry.  \'93Dr. Forrest had three martinis and is now fast asleep.  Do you remember the Michelsons?\'94\
I closed my eyes and mentally walked back through beverage service, counting three rows forward from the galley.\
\'93I \'85 think so.  If they are who I think they are, he had a gin and tonic and she declined a drink.\'94  I opened my eyes.  \'93I don\'92t think we\'92ll need them, but it\'92s good to know where they are.\'94  Tea mug still in hand but half-forgotten and cooling, I stood up with the list in my other hand.  \'93I\'92ll get this back to the captains.\'94  I put the mug on my seat and walked slowly back to the cockpit.\
I perused the list, picking out two specific names: Ernest Dearborn and Mary Hamilton.  Ernest, Mary, Jennifer.\
After returning the paper to Simon, I tried my best to be nonchalant about returning to my seat and picking up my notebook.  I wrote down all of the names and seat assignments I could remember.  I knew they wouldn\'92t transfer into the next loop\'97nothing else had so far\'97but I hoped the act of writing them down would help me remember them.\
The first tentative rumbles of weather started a few minutes later, followed by the 
\i ding!
\i0  and the Fasten Seat Belts sign.  I looked into the galley at the two clocks: the left clock read 10:44 while it was 1:44 according to the one on the right.  I inscribed this time into my notebook, then flipped it closed before standing.\
\'93I can do it,\'94 I said as Pamela started to get up.  \'93I wanted to stretch my legs anyway.\'94\
She looked at me with an opaque expression, shrugged, and said \'93thanks\'94 before returning to her book.\
I put my notebook back into my purse in its compartment and started the rounds to check that passengers were secured.}