{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I know I\'92m grasping at straws, I do.\
The knowledge I\'92m gathering\'97wait, 
\i knowledge
\i0  is the wrong word.\
The 
\i data
\i0  I\'92m gathering may be useless.\
Do I really need to know the exact time the weather starts?  Or that Pamela is a third of the way through 
\i The Moneychangers
\i0 , Arthur Hailey\'92s latest novel about banking industry?\
I don\'92t yet have a specific plan for the doctors.  I contrived the story to get the manifest so I could be sure of a few names, and Mary Hamilton\'92s heart condition seemed like a good enough excuse.\
What am I supposed to be looking for?  This is my third time through and I am no closer to understanding what even causes the explosion, much less how I can prevent it.\
As for why I\'92m looping \'85 I have no clue at all.  In computer programming, all loops have some kind of exit condition\'97something that must be true for the loop to continue, or false to exit the loop.  I\'92m not any closer to figure out why I\'92m in the loop, so there\'92s no way I\'92ll be able to change whatever it is to get out.\
For now, I don\'92t have too many options but to keep my eyes peeled.  I just need to absorb every detail I can.\
The problem with this plan is how \'85 nonlinear \'85 it is.  It\'92s six or eight hours of routine and boredom followed by ninety seconds of terror.  Rinse, repeat.\
If my college professors are to be believed, this is pretty much exactly what the rest of my professional life is going to be like.  Spend days writing code that might run for hours only to get a result that isn\'92t what you or your boss were hoping for.  Rinse, repeat.\
I can\'92t believe I\'92m going to say this, but I hope I keep looping.  If the loop ends before I\'92ve figured out how to stop the explosion I\'92m as good as dead.\
When people ask me why a flight attendant would want to become a programmer I always say it\'92s because I love solving little puzzles and logic problems.  Becoming a programmer was supposed to let me write code which would help people solve their own puzzles.\
Now I have a 707-sized puzzle to unravel and 155 other people whose lives depend on my puzzle-solving abilities.\
No pressure.}