{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Names are a funny thing for flight attendants.\
Actually, now that I say that out loud, let me be more clear.\
Names are a funny thing for people in a service industry.  Be it flight attendant, bartender, waitress, or the girl slinging beer at baseball games.\
Names are personal.  Using someone\'92s name is intimate.  Have you ever thought about the rules that go into calling someone by their name?\
If you are good friends you call them by their nickname: Lily.\
If you are acquaintances you call them by their full first name: Liliana.\
If you don\'92t know someone at all, you call them by an honorific and their family name or names: Ms. Ramirez Alonso.\
If you want to show respect when introducing one person to another, you might use an honorific and their given and family names: Ms. Liliana Ramirez Alonso.\
If you\'92re in trouble you get called by your full name in a stern voice: 
\i Liliana Theresa Ramirez Alonso!
\i0 \
See the problem there?\
The most intimate form of greeting, someone\'92s nickname, is what we have to wear on a badge pinned to our shirt all day.  Random people I don\'92t know use my nickname to get my attention.\
Would the world end if my badge read \'93Ms. Alonso\'94 instead?\
Except, if you were paying attention, you know why that would never happen: honorific plus last name implies 
\i respect
\i0 , or at least deference.  I\'92m not a cynical person, but I am enough of a realist to know that would be an inversion of power we\'92re not ready to accept.  Our culture isn\'92t prepared to treat the minimum-wage laborer bringing us our coffee as someone to be respected.\
But I\'92m getting off track.  I was talking about how names are funny.\
Names are also how we keep our professional distance.  Whether I\'92m behind a bar, wearing an apron, or pushing a drink cart, it\'92s always the same.  You don\'92t know me and I don\'92t know you, so what guides our interaction is the set of cultural standards of professionalism.  I don\'92t have to care about you.  I don\'92t have to think about how you\'92ve just had your third cup of coffee, or your third miniature bottle of gin, or your third plate of deep fried whatever, and what that\'92s going to do to you.\
But the rules for names still apply.\
If I know your family name then something changes.  I\'92m now addressing 
\i you
\i0 , not some random customer or client.  When I think about what I\'92m going to say to you or about some other interaction I can hear your name in my head.  There\'92s a connection, however tenuous or imagined.\
If I know your full name then there\'92s another level.  I now have your first name, which I will not use unless given permission, but I 
\i could
\i0 .\
When I tended bar I knew the names of two or three regulars.  It was a double-edged sword.  Each time I served them a drink 
\i I knew their names
\i0 .  They were actual people with actual lives, and by participating in their lives I had a responsibility to be a good person to them.  On the rare occasion I had to cut off a regular, I used their name to demand their attention.  I was lucky, as it always worked.\
On most of my flights I don\'92t bother to get to know anyone\'92s name.  I think of them in terms of their seat number: \'93the lady in 23B wants a pony\'94.  I\'92ll pick up a few names here or there as it makes conversation easier, just like how I first picked up Ms. Hamilton\'92s name from Terry.  I\'92ve always forgotten these ephemeral names by the next day.  In programmerese I might say that names are local and quickly go out of scope.\
I got my hands on the manifest because that was no longer good enough.  If I\'92m going to keep track of the tiniest details of everyone around me on the absurd hope that 
\i something
\i0  will stick out as helpful at the right time, I need to associate those details with something more concrete than a seat number.  I need names.\
Tonight\'92s flight is completely full will 151 passengers.  I now have names for exactly seven of those people.  It\'92s not like I can just sit down and memorize a list of 151 names.  Not only is my memory not up to the task, but it would likely raise some eyebrows among the other crew members.\
I have to do it a few names at a time.  I\'92ll absorb a handful each loop, presuming I\'92m going to be on this particular Ferris wheel a few more turns.\
Each name will start to accrete a background, a context.  If there\'92s a bomber on board the only way I\'92ll find them is to understand why they\'92re doing it, which takes context.\
Given enough context and enough time I\'92ll crack this puzzle, one name at a time.}