# Alex

I should have introduced myself. 
Sorry about that. 
My head was wrapped up in homework, and then service, and well, you know how it goes. 
For someone who is paid to have good manners, I'm not as good at it as I ought to be.

My name is Alex. 
Alexis Herrera, but no one calls me Alexis who isn't reading my name off a clipboard.

I've been a flight attendant for High Desert Airlines since April, flying since May, for just about six months now. 
I admit I'm having a small identity crisis about this. 
I never planned to become an attendant.

In my head I'm a computer programmer. 
That's what the textbook, "Algorithms and Architecture, 3rd Edition", is for: my night school course in Programming Data Structures. 
According to my transcript, I'm in my junior year with something like 20 credits to go. 
But since I've had to cut back to a single course each semester, there's no way I could juggle this job and more than one course at a time, it's going to take me 6 more semesters, meaning I won't graduate until December of '78 if I'm lucky.

Two more years. 
That particular finish line seems so much further away than it did when I started. 
I'll be 26 by then.

Yeah, that math doesn't really work, does it?
What's a 24-year-old doing still in school?

I graduated in '70, but we didn't have the money to send me straight off to school. 
Especially not for Computer Science—the textbooks and lab fees are ridiculous. 
I spent a year being stupid, immature, and angry about the whole thing before getting my head on straight. 
Then I did 5 years as a server, bartender, babysitter, whatever I could do that would put cash in my hand. 
Those jobs were also easy enough to do at night while I started going back to school in '74.

'76 hit me like a freight train.

My grandparents died in a car crash in March. 
I've lived with them my entire life, as my mom and dad were out of the picture before I was out of diapers. 
By May it was clear I wasn't going to be able to keep paying for school and rent in our place, so one had to go. 
I admit the decision to let the house go was probably just as much about how sad it kept making me to look around and not see my grandparents as it was about money.

I needed a job with a flexible schedule, and I needed to start thinking about roommates. 
Grandma told me so many stories about her time as a stewardess—crash pads with eight people rotating through four bunk beds in a single room—that it seemed like the easiest choice in the world. 
The pay is pretty awful, but to be honest it's not much worse than scraping by in food service.

High Desert Air is owned by some guys who used to be pilots who flew with grandma. 
I called them up, ostensibly to let them know about grandma and grandpa, dropped a few hints, and here I am.

HDA is struggling. 
From what I hear from other people in the business who have come from other airlines, the entire business isn't doing so well. 
With gas prices being what they are, tickets are expensive and not many people are flying. 
Not that you could tell looking at an HDA flight—we're always completely booked. 
We're the second- or third-cheapest option flying out of Seattle. 
The owners are just guys who loved to fly, rumor is one of them still does when a pilot calls in sick, so they'll do just about anything to keep the airline going.

Mostly that means old aircraft with few frills.

That's the other reason everyone was so happy about the free booze: most HDA passengers understand the consequence of their low ticket price and will take what they can get when it's offered.

I'm making it sound bad. 
It's not. 
But it's not crumpets and tea, either. 
Really, it's just a continuation of the mediocrity and barely-breaking-even theme of '76.

I know everyone is excited about the bicentennial, but to be honest I am ready for '77. 
It can't possibly be worse than '76.
