# Data

I know I'm grasping at straws, I do.

The knowledge I'm gathering—wait, _knowledge_ is the wrong word.

The _data_ I'm gathering may be useless.

Do I really need to know the exact time the weather starts?
Or that Pamela is a third of the way through _The Moneychangers_, Arthur Hailey's latest novel about the banking industry?

I don't yet have a specific plan for the doctors.
I contrived the story to get the manifest so I could be sure of a few names, and Mary Hamilton's heart condition seemed like a good enough excuse.

What am I supposed to be looking for?
This is my third time through and I am no closer to understanding what even causes the explosion, much less how I can prevent it.
That is, if preventing it will do any good, or if we'll just keep looping no matter what.

As for why I'm looping … I have no clue at all.
In computer programming, all loops have some kind of exit condition—something that must be true for the loop to continue, or false to exit the loop.
I'm not any closer to figure out why I'm in the loop, so there's no way I'll be able to change whatever it is to get out.

Oh, and why am I the only one who's noticed the loops?
If I'm not, how would I get them to tell me?

"Hey there, do you happen to remember the explosion we've had twice now?"

Yeah.
The Shatner route.
That would end well.

For now, I don't have too many options but to keep my eyes peeled.
I just need to absorb every detail I can.

The problem with this plan is how … nonlinear … it is.
It's six or eight hours of routine and boredom followed by ninety seconds of terror.
Rinse, repeat.

If my college professors are to be believed, this is pretty much exactly what the rest of my professional life is going to be like.
Spend days writing code that might run for hours only to get a result that isn't what you or your boss were hoping for.
Rinse, repeat.

I can't believe I'm going to say this, but I hope I keep looping.
If the loop ends before I've figured out how to stop the explosion I'm as good as dead.

When people ask me why a flight attendant would want to become a programmer I always say it's because I love solving little puzzles and logic problems.
Becoming a programmer was supposed to let me write code which would help people solve their own puzzles.

Now I have a 707-sized puzzle to unravel and 155 other souls whose lives depend on my puzzle-solving abilities.

No pressure.
