{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I flipped the quarter through my fingers for the next two hours and came up with a crazy plan.  The idea grew out of my interaction with Jim: if sight lines wouldn\'92t let me be unseen in the back, I\'92d have to do the trick in plain sight, with a bit of misdirection.\
I caught Jim as he exited the lavatory just before lights-up.\
\'93Hey, Jim.  Can I talk with you for a minute?\'94\
He cocked his head at me, but followed as I beckoned him to step into the galley.\
\'93Is something wrong?\'94\
I leaned in close enough to his ear to be able to speak in a whisper.  \'93I need your skills as an illusionist to help me with something.\'94\
He settled his weight against the countertop.  \'93Of course.  What can I do?\'94\
\'93There\'92s a passenger in towards the back who has been acting suspicious.  I need to keep an eye on them without being obvious.  I need an excuse to be up towards the Smoking section looking back this way.\'94\
\'93How can I help with that?\'94\
\'93I need you to have trouble with your seatbelt.\'94  I reached down to the countertop and presented him with the belt we use for the safety demonstration.\
He took it and turned it over, examining it from every angle, clasping and unclasping the mechanism.\
I pulled the second part of the trick literally off the top of my head: one of the dozens of bobby pins I used to keep my hair in place.  I took the belt back from him and held the locking mechanism open.\
\'93When these belts get worn down they occasionally catch and either won\'92t lock or won\'92t unlock.\'94\
I used the pin to wedge the locking mechanism open so the clasp wouldn\'92t engage, then tucked the pin out of sight so it was impossible to see without looking for it.\
\'93I need you to temporarily disable your belt without anyone else seeing you do it.  When we get on the PA you can summon me with the call button so I can come help you with it.  I\'92ll spend a few minutes doing that, giving me the time to see what I need to see.\'94\
He stared at the belt, so I offered it back to him along with the pin.\
\'93Is that something you can do for me?\'94\
\'93Can I practice?\'94\
\'93Hmm.  If anyone sees you they could get suspicious.  How about practicing in the lavatory?\'94\
\'93Yes.\'94  He rolled up the belt and hid it in an inner coat pocket.\
\'93We\'92ll start our descent at 6:50.\'94  I pointed to the arrival clock, which read 6:19.  \'93We\'92re going to turn on the lights in just a moment.  That gives you twenty minutes to practice and decide if you want to help.\'94\
I turned him back to the aisle where there were already two people waiting in a line.\
He only needed ten before he was back out of the lavatory and slipping me the belt as he passed me in the aisle.  He didn\'92t say anything, only nodded and winked as he shuffled back to his seat.\
I did the opposite of what I had done in the last loop.  Instead of staying in the galley I stayed out and visible in the Non-Smoking aisle.  Instead of offering coffee and tea, I offered to fold and stow or collect blankets and pillows.  I folded each blanket methodically, turning to keep the rear port rows in my periphery at all times.  I didn\'92t see anything interesting, and it looked as I remembered it from last time.\
The ladies of row 26 woke slowly, then proceeded to fix their hair and makeup via large compacts pulled from even larger purses.  Harold Sr. woke up at the same pace, stretching and yawning his way back to reality.  Harold Jr. had woken up earlier and had gotten cups of coffee for them both.  Irene continued to bob up and down, holding up the stack of papers to flip through them, then back down to angle them to catch the light of her reading lamp.\
I worked my way forward and made it to row 18, turning to help the port side first so I could keep my eyes to the back.  As I turned to starboard I saw that Ernest Dearborn was pale, with a shine of perspiration glinting off his tall forehead.  I pushed back the curtain to sidle next to 17C so I could keep him and my target in sight, kneeling to address him.\
\'93Are you okay?\'94\
Jennifer looked at him, waiting for him to say something.  Mrs. Hamilton didn\'92t stir beneath her layers of blankets.\
\'93We\'92re fine, thanks,\'94 he said with a smile so transparent as to mean the exact opposite.\
I couldn\'92t argue with him, so I looked at Jennifer.  I could see the muscles in her neck and jaw working, but she just stared at Ernest, breathing through nostrils that flared like afterburners.\
Which made me notice Mrs. Hamilton, who didn\'92t appear to be breathing at all.\
I reached out to touch her hand, but Earnest grabbed mine.  We locked eyes, his stare frosting over.\
\'93Is she\'97\'94 I couldn\'92t get the words out.  I wrenched my hand away from his.\
His words came in a low hiss.  \'93We\'92re about to land.\'94  His gaze continued to hold mine, my prior target forgotten.  \'93There\'92s nothing to do for her now.\'94\
She 
\i was
\i0  dead.  Her heart had given out while she slept.  How had I gotten through three loops without noticing this before?\
My mind raced through scenarios.  Flight attendant school had covered this one, though it had seemed implausible at the time.  We had run drills involving passengers with heart attacks as well as crew with heart attacks.  In each case we were supposed to contact the pilot and divert to the nearest airport, administering CPR until the victim regained consciousness or until we landed.  In this case it would be all but useless.\
\'93How long has\'97\'94\
\'93There\'92s 
\i nothing to be done
\i0 ,\'94 Ernest hissed.\
\'93I know CPR.  I can\'97\'94\
\'93No one needs to panic,\'94 he cut me off.  \'93It\'92s too late for that.\'94\
I couldn\'92t understand his attitude.\
The 
\i ding!
\i0  sounded and Simon made his address.  I stood, my eyes still locked with Ernest\'92s.  Terry was back in the galley and made the follow-up announcement.\
The words \'93I\'92ll have an ambulance waiting\'94 were on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn\'92t force myself to say them.  I could feel that I hadn\'92t done enough to break out of the loop.  I knew there would be no landing, only another explosion and restart.\
\'93Miss?  Miss?\'94\
Jim\'92s words snapped me back to the present.  I looked up to see him waiving one end of a seat belt at me.  The call light over his head glowed a faint blue, though I had missed the sound it must have made.\
I took one last look at Ernest, Jennifer, and poor Mary.  I shook my head and strode back to 21.  I deactivated the call light and smiled.\
\'93Yes?\'94\
\'93My buckle,\'94 he held the female end of the belt out to me.  \'93I cannot make it work.\'94  He waved it at me, his voice trembling.\
I bent instead of kneeling.  We\'92re not supposed to, not just because I may as well ask for some rowdy passenger to smack me on the ass.  It\'92s also bad for balance\'97one air pocket and we could take a header into a passenger or seat.\
I glanced back at 27 and noticed that Irene wasn\'92t visible.  Either she wasn\'92t in her seat or she was hunched over her papers again.\
\'93Hmm.  May I?\'94  I asked, holding out one hand while steadying myself against the seat back with the other.\
Jim played his part well and took his time fumbling to slide the buckle along the belt to play out the length.\
Irene stepped into view from behind Terry, who was standing next to the galley and looking at me.  She turned and said something to him.  He split his focus between the two of us before she said something that snapped his attention to her.\

\i The smoke detector.
\i0 \
She had been the one to discover the marijuana smell.  I completely forgot about that.  I made a mental note to figure out a way in the next loop to see who had done it.  I also noted that the timing was a little off\'97in the previous loop Irene had mentioned it to us before Simon\'92s announcement.  But enough had changed between the two loops that the difference of a minute or two seemed reasonable.\
Jim waved the fully-extended belt at me.  I looked down and took my stabilizing left hand off the seat.\
The hairs on my arms stood up and I got a chill as I realized this was a very dumb plan.  If the explosion happened while I was unsecured, hunched over a passenger, I was almost certain to get hurt, and likely to injure someone else.  But if I knelt I wouldn\'92t be able to see anything.\
I gave the belts a few attempts at mating and found that Jim had done a good job disabling the buckle.  The pieces interacted without obvious problem, but the female end refused to lock.\
On the edges of my vision I saw Irene work her way past the Harolds.  I glanced back to see that Terry was gone, presumably to check out the lavatory.\
\'93Hmm, yes.  This does seem to be a problem.\'94  I played with the clasping mechanism, opening it and closing it while examining it as closely as I could.  I noticed how Jim had wedged in the pin to block the spring mechanism.\
Motion in the tail made me glance back.  Terry walked to the storage closet and grabbed the lavatory key.  Irene had settled back into her seat and, like everyone else, was just staring forward and waiting for the landing.\
\'93I have just the trick for this.\'94  I pulled a second pin out of my hair and made a show of fiddling with the mechanism.  I worked the first pin free and palmed it like I had been practicing.\
I glanced up upon more movement.  Terry replaced the key in the storage closet then looked at me.  I made a show of flipping the buckle open and closed to show it was busted.  He nodded and started to walk forward.\
\'93There,\'94 I said.  \'93Try it now.\'94  I handed the buckle back to Jim, keeping the first pin out of sight.  I dropped them both into my pocket while he made a show of buckling and unbuckling.\
\'93That worked!  Thank you!\'94\
I could feel the pressure on my ears change as we started to descend.  I worked my jaw out of habit.\
\'93Of course.  I\'92m so sorry about that.  We\'92ll have it replaced before our next flight.\'94\
I walked to Terry, meeting him at row 25.\
\'93Everything all right?\'94\

\i If things work out how I think they will, you\'92re going to ask me that again in just a minute.
\i0 \
\'93Just a sticking buckle.  I worked my magic on it.\'94\
He nodded.  \'93Have you checked Smoking yet?\'94\
\'93Not yet, sorry.\'94\
\'93No worries.  I\'92ll get it right quick.\'94\
\'93Hurry back,\'94 I said a little louder than I needed to.  \'93We need to get buckled in.\'94\
He gave me a curious glance, not understanding why I was stating the obvious and doing it so loudly, then fast-walked past me.  I continued a slow walk back, making a show of ensuring that each passenger was belted in.\
I didn\'92t see anything amiss in 26 or 27.  The ladies smiled as I passed, Abigail hooking a thumb under her belt and lifting to show it was secure.  I smiled and nodded back.  The Harolds chatted while and Irene sat with her hands in her lap, also smiling at me as I approached.\
The next few seconds played out in my mind\'92s eye before they happened.\
I was going to step past the coat closet bulkhead and out of the periphery of anyone in 26 or 27.  They now knew I was headed back to our jump seats.  Two or three seconds would pass and they would set off the explosion. I needed to grab an oxygen bottle and mask out of the closet in that same time, then grab hold of something for dear life.  One of the compartment handles in the galley would work.\
Two steps, closet, bottle, two steps, galley, hang on.  Got it.  Ready?\
I wasn\'92t ready, but it\'92s not like I had a choice.\
Time caught up with me and those seconds played out.\
I reached the closet, almost ripping the door open.  I grabbed for a bottle and kicked the door closed as I stepped back against the galley bulkhead.  My left hand wrapped around the metal handle of the pull-out trash compartment on the edge of the galley.  My right hand held onto the oxygen bottle by its nozzle.  I flattened my back against the wall and held my breath, trying to see everything at once.\
Harold Jr. turned to look back at the thumps he\'92d heard.  He saw me and his eyes went wide, darting between my face and the green bottle in my hand.  Harold Sr. was looking straight ahead.  Irene was leaning forward, doubled at the waist as if about to fetch something out of the purse at her feet.\
The explosion wasn\'92t the next thing I experienced, it was the simultaneous realization of three things: my heart was racing in my chest, the drumbeat had started in my ears, and the cold numbness was creeping from my fingertips to my palms.\

\i No!  Not yet!  I need to see!
\i0 \
My pulse and the drums sped up even more, starting to block out the omnipresent sound of the engines.  The oxygen bottle slipped from my hand but I didn\'92t see it hit the floor\'97the explosion happened at the same moment.\
What I saw didn\'92t make any sense, and I could see almost everything.\
I heard the boom and even through the drumbeat I could feel its effect on my ears, which simultaneously popped from the pressure change and shuddered at the volume.  There was a flash of light that silhouetted row 27 and its passengers, followed by a cloud of smoke and a shriek of metal.  The wall behind and floor beneath the row buckled and distorted, the wall disconnecting from the ceiling and bending forward over the backs of the seats, the floor warping and falling away.\
Another shriek of metal and I saw them fall, Harold Jr. still looking straight at me.  His mouth was open as he disappeared into the cloud of smoke.  He\'92d been about to say something, but everything happened too fast.  The coat closet disintegrated faster than I could follow it, coats flapping wildly in a wind that ripped them out into the atmosphere.  And like that, in the space of a heartbeat, there was a gaping hole not three feet in front of me.\
The floor jerked out from beneath me and I pitched forward.  My left hand\'92s grip on the handle had failed at the same time as the right\'92s grip on the bottle, though I hadn\'92t noticed.  My arms, hands now numb to the wrists, flailed but couldn\'92t find purchase.\
I screamed as I fell face-first out of the aircraft.\
The wind hit me immediately, dragging me against the shredded edge of the fuselage.  Something tore a gash down my side, igniting a white-hot fire of pain from my ribcage to my knee.\
Then I was falling.\
The world tumbled and flipped around me.  I caught glimpses of the airplane above me, skewing sideways as it raced away from me.  Then the wind would catch me and I would spin to see the lights of the ground below me.  The stark contrast of coastline, ocean, and sky trisected my spinning world.  The sun, just over the horizon, seemed to move backwards and started to dip below the ocean.\
My arms and legs, now numb to the elbows and knees, flapped uselessly, wrenching my shoulders and hips.  I would have cried out, but I was still screaming.\
As I spun to fall backwards I caught sight of a dark shape against the ground, tumbling as I was.  It seemed to slow its fall, then start rising in my vision.  It was the seat from row 27.\
Falling backwards like a cannonball, my spin stabilized.  My screams abated into sobs I couldn\'92t hear as the drumbeat of my heart in my ears drowned out everything else.  I looked down to see my right half covered in blood, my uniform shredded from the gash and the wind.\
The numbness continued to creep in from my limbs, but I fought to stay conscious and lucid.\
A crack pulled my attention to the 707 receding into the distance.  It had gotten far enough away that it was hard to make out, but what had happened was obvious: the crack was the sound of one wing buckling and shearing off.  The two split apart, rolling away from each other.\
A closer flurry of motion caught my attention.  Something about the seating unit changed.  A small dark object broke away from the larger dark object, mirroring what had just happened with the aircraft.  The two spread farther apart and a flash of color made me realize what I was looking at: an avocado green cashmere coat, complete with wearer.  Irene had managed to unbuckle herself.  She spun wildly for a moment, as I had done, but splayed out into something stable that made her shoot upwards relative to me.\
The last thing I saw before my vision blacked out was the parachute expelling itself from the back of her coat.}