{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 And blacked out, apparently.  The next thing I was aware of was Pamela next to me, telling me that I was going to be okay, stroking my forehead.  My brain felt like it was tumbling around inside a washing machine.\
I looked at my leg, propped up on the jump seat.  I expected to see it as well as my skirt hiked up around my waist, but didn\'92t.  I was covered, toes to torso, in a pile of black nylon that I recognized as the parachute.\
\'93How long?\'94\
\'93Oh,\'94 Pamela said, glancing at her watch, \'93maybe ten minutes.\'94\
\'93Where\'92s Irene?\'94\
Pamela gave a half-laugh.  \'93She\'92s in the coat closet, also out cold.\'94\
Staring at the pile of nylon, I had a startling revelation.  My leg felt numb and heavy, and I could still feel the knife beating in time with my pulse.\
Pamela saw where I was looking.\
\'93Dr. Michelson says we can\'92t take it out yet.  She\'92s worried that \'85\'94\
I got the picture.\
\'93Yeah.\'94\
The rumble of the engines changed and gravity shifted to the left for a moment.\
\'93Are we diverting?\'94\
Pamela looked up and I followed her gaze.  Part of Terry\'92s head showed around the corner, the telephone handset for the intercom glued to one ear.  He was nodding and saying \'93yes\'94, but not to us.  He disappeared for a beat.  The cabin lights came up to full before he reappeared without the phone.\
\'93New Orleans,\'94 he said, crouching down next to Pamela.\
A woman who I recognized as Dr. Edna Michelson came around the corner.  \'93You\'92re awake.  Good.\'94  She bodily moved Pamela and Terry out of the way to kneel next to me.  Lifting the parachute between her and the people behind us, she looked at my wound then back at Terry.  \'93How long until we land?\'94\
\'93Fifteen minutes.  They\'92re getting clearances now.\'94\
I saw a length of black rope wrapped around my thigh, just above the wound.  Someone had applied a tourniquet.\
Dr. Michelson considered my leg, then addressed me.\
\'93I\'92m not sure what the pressure change will do to you, but I don\'92t have the equipment to operate here.  I could give you something for the pain, though if you can hold on I\'92d prefer to wait.\'94\
I nodded.\
\'93I will keep an eye on\'97\'94\
Simon\'92s voice sounded over the PA.\
\'93Ladies and gentlemen, we\'92re beginning our descent to New Orleans International.  I know it\'92s been an exciting night, but I need everyone back in their seats and buckled in immediately.  We\'92ll be on the ground shortly.  Flight attendants prepare for landing.\'94\
Terry and Pamela shared a look, then both looked at Dr. Michelson.\
\'93There\'92s nothing you can do.  Go ahead.\'94  She waved them away.  Turning back to me she said, \'93Just breathe, honey.\'94\
She shifted to get into a sitting position next to me, grabbing my hand and interlocking her fingers with mine.  My ears popped and I worked my jaw.  She alternated between looking at my wound and smiling at me.\
A banging sound erupted from around the corner.  It was accompanied by yelling.  Irene was attempting to smash her way out of the closet.\
\'93Let me out!\'94  Bang, bang, bang!  \'93Let me out!  It\'92s going to\'97\'94\
A too-familiar boom and shriek rolled me into the exit door.  I rolled back to see Edna holding her head, looking dazed.\
\'93No!\'94 I screamed.  \'93I fixed it!  I stopped her!  It\'92s over!\'94\
The thinning, chilling air was harsh on my throat, choking off my words.  The familiar sideways gravity skew hit and my stomach dropped.\
\'93Edna!\'94  I grabbed her by an elbow and shook.  \'93Oxygen bottles.  In the closet around the corner.  Go!\'94\
She looked at me, shaking her head, trying to clear it.\
\'93Behind you.  Green bottles.  Hurry!\'94\
My heart rate climbed, made all the more noticeable by a dull thump in my leg with each beat.  I pushed Edna over, determined to drag myself to the closet if I had to.  She snapped out of it and rolled to a crawl, disappearing around the corner.  I heard her let out a yelp and I knew what she was seeing.\
\'93Green bottles!\'94 I yelled.\
She reappeared a moment later, oxygen in hand.\
\'93Like this,\'94 I said, pulling a bottle from her grasp.  I undid the latch that held the mask and line in place, unwound it, and pulled the mask over my head.  She did the same.  I showed her how to turn on the flow and we both took deep breaths.\
\'93I have to help him,\'94 she pointed around the corner at someone I couldn\'92t see.  \'93Stay here.\'94\
\'93Go,\'94 I said, waving her away.  What else was I going to do?  I couldn\'92t feel my leg except for a dull throb, so walking was out of the question.  I was also beginning to feel the effects of blood loss, or shock, or both, because it was almost impossible to keep focus on anything, much less a train of thought.\
I\'92d also been through this enough times to know that it didn\'92t matter where I went\'97the entire aircraft was going to disintegrate around me.  I was going to die soon after falling out of a moving aircraft, holding on to a parachute I couldn\'92t use.\
Even if I did reset again, though I still had no idea what was causing it and when, what was I supposed to do on the next loop?  I\'92d taken away Irene\'92s detonator and the bomb went off anyway.  I was back to square one.  Again!\
My indulgence was interrupted with a loud crack and shriek, followed by gravity shifting to throw me across the aisle and into the far lavatory door.  The screaming from the passenger area intensified, just as it had the last time I\'92d been in the aircraft when it rolled.\
I did my best to protect my leg as we continued to roll, but the voluminous fabric caught on everything, jerking the knife around inside my thigh.  I didn\'92t have any screams of terror left for a crash I\'92d already experienced four times, but I did have screams of pain.\
I attempted to disentangle myself from the parachute, but it was like swimming in the back of a cement mixer.  Panic kicked in as the continued roll landed me on the ceiling and the fabric wrapped itself around my face.  I lost purchase on the fabric twice before I realized that my hands had gone numb.  I alternated between screams of pain and laughter as I felt the reset starting.  Instead of trying to unravel myself I switched to just getting my arms over my head to protect it.\
The drumbeat pulse in my ears blocked out everything else and I was gone.}