{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Like Nadia Com\uc0\u259 neci, I stuck the landing.  Terry saw me get weak at the knees and have to prop myself up, but I smiled it away.  Okay, so maybe I didn\'92t get a 10.0 from the Australian judge.\
\'93Hey, I can feel a headache coming on.  I\'92m going to grab some aspirin and a sandwich real quick if that\'92s okay with you?\'94\
I was reaching for the aspirin as he nodded, this time shaking four out of the bottle.  My free left hand scratched absently at my thigh as I knocked back the pills.  My knee felt warm to the touch.\
\'93Back in five,\'94 I said, skirting around him and fast-walking to First Class.\
I refused to look in Irene\'92s direction, but I couldn\'92t stop staring at the cheap dung-colored case above Dearborn\'92s head as I approached.  I had a powerful urge to pull him out of his seat and demand to know what was in the case that kept getting us all killed.  The last iteration of the loop had burned me on the idea of direct confrontation.  The last thing I needed was another knife wound, or worse.\
Was it a coincidence that Irene wanted something in Dearborn\'92s case and Mary was going to die?  Had Irene done something to Mary?  It sounded ridiculous, but I couldn\'92t discount it.\
I managed to keep walking and found myself in the First Class galley.  Pamela, as she had been for each iteration where I\'92d eaten before beverage service, was passing out salads to her 22 passengers.  She finished before returning to the galley to find me half-way through my sandwich.  And like it always was at the beginning of each loop, her mask was firmly in place.\
\'93What\'92s going on?\'94\
\'93I\'92ve got a migraine coming on,\'94 I lied, holding the sandwich up between us.  \'93I am trying to fend it off with aspirin and food.\'94\
She didn\'92t like the answer, she never did, but she didn\'92t fight me on it.  She restocked her cart with the plates of passengers\'92 sandwiches she had prepared, then exited the galley without another word.  I found the container of leftover salad and shoveled it down.  A quick reapplication of lipstick and I was on my way back to Coach.}