{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Four hours.\
The loops start at 9:14 and the weather doesn\'92t clear until 12:55.  I had to wait a few extra minutes for Jim Duchesne to settle in and fall asleep, so by the time I could get to the case I\'92d been thinking about it for four hours.\
Imagine my frustration when I realized that I couldn\'92t just go straight for the case.  Instead, I needed to see how Irene was going to get to it.\
First, I need to give her opportunity.  I know she keeps an eye on our movements and waits until after we\'92re out of sight to do anything sneaky.  I walked up to Smoking, then back again slowly, trying to look like I was doing the usual belt check.  I waited in the galley for five minutes before concluding that didn\'92t trigger anything.  I took the opportunity to put on a fresh pot of coffee.\
\'93Hey Terry,\'94 I said, calling to him where he sat in the jump seats.  I would never have done that for fear of waking up passengers, but I was trying to put on a show.\
\'93Yeah?\'94 he said, walking to the galley to meet me.\
\'93It\'92s all quiet back here.  If you want to take your break and enjoy your dinner, I\'92ve got this.\'94\
He considered, then shrugged and walked away.\
I stepped into view for row 27, watching him leave and making myself visible, then went back to the jump seats.  I couldn\'92t see around the corner from that position, but I could hear just fine.\
Sure enough, I heard the sound of shuffling as Irene got out of her seat.  I was tempted to get out of my seat and look around the corner, but stuffed down my impatience and stared at the open book in my lap.\
Again, my intuition paid off.  Irene walked by me to the center lavatory, smiling at me as she passed.  She was behind the door for less than a half minute before she stepped out again.  She held the handle to the faucet tap, staring at it.\
\'93I am so sorry,\'94 she pleaded, \'93I don\'92t know what happened.  It just came off in my hand and now the water won\'92t stop running.\'94\
I was impressed that she had been able to come up with an act of sabotage that fast, letting some of the surprise show through in my expression.\
\'93Oh no!\'94 I said.  I held out my hand.  \'93But I\'92m sure I can fix it.\'94\
She dropped the metal bar into my hand, said a quick \'93sorry\'94, and hurried off up the aisle.\
I looked inside the restroom to see it as she had described: water flowing out of the tap, unrestrained.  Instead of trying to fix it, I knelt and opened the cabinet below the sink.  I turned the valve to stop the flow and left the bar there for later retrieval.  I\'92d remember to lock the door later.\
I counted to ten, staring at myself in the mirror.\
I looked \'85 normal.  In my head I felt like I\'92d been running back-to-back marathons, but the face across from me didn\'92t show it.  The four aspirin had dulled the headache to a throb, though now my stomach was a churning knot.\
As quietly as I could, I stepped out of the lavatory and eased the door shut without latching it.  I crept to the galley storage wall and peered around it.\
There she was, caught in the act.\
Irene stood at row 18, gingerly pulling the brown briefcase from its shelf.  She had her coat on, though she hadn\'92t moments before when I\'92d seen her.  She turned and stepped through the curtain and I lost sight of her.\
Conflict tore at me.  I wanted to sprint forward and catch her in the act, but my left thigh twitched at the thought of confrontation.  She had to think she was getting away with it, or we\'92d just have a repeat performance.\
Again, I smothered my impatience and waited.\
She stepped back through the curtain, though holding her arm with the briefcase behind her.  She checked to see that Dearborn was still asleep, then slid the case back onto the shelf.\
As she turned to walk back to her seat I stepped back so she would not be able to see me.  I had seen that she didn\'92t have anything in her hands, though I\'92d bet hard cash that those rubber-banded folders were in her oversized purse, or even stuffed into that coat somewhere.\
I stepped around the aisle, pretending to catch sight of her.  I waved and shrugged, opening the storage closet and retrieving the lavatory key.  I let her approach and addressed her.\
\'93Nope, I couldn\'92t fix it,\'94 I said, twirling the key on its lanyard.\
\'93Oh wow,\'94 she played coy.  \'93Will I have to pay for that?\'94\
\'93Not unless you did it on purpose,\'94 I joked and laughed.\
She made a thin-lipped smile.\
\'93Oh, are you cold?\'94  I asked.  \'93Would you prefer some extra blankets so you don\'92t have to wrinkle that lovely coat?\'94\
\'93Oh this thing?  No, I\'92m fine, thank you.  It\'92s like a comfortable old blanket.\'94\
\'93Can I offer you some coffee to warm up, then?  If you\'92re going to be up all night?\'94\
She thought about it, clearly wishing to return to her seat.  Her need to be friendly and not arouse suspicion won out, and she nodded her assent.\
\'93That would be lovely, thank you.\'94\
Though I had waited for four hours for this moment, I wasn\'92t idle.  I\'92d made visits to the three doctors on board.\
Dr. Henry Forrest in 3B was, as Pamela had pointed out in a previous loop, several sheets to the wind.  I gave him an impassioned story about a woman in the back who was terrified and frantic about flying, and just needed something to take the edge off.  He\'92d recommended martinis.  Strike one.\
Drs. Alan and Edna Michelson were in 23D and 23E.  They got the story of poor Pamela, who had wrenched her back trying to get a suitcase onto the overhead shelf for a snob of a doctor in First Class.  Not only did lack compassion about it, he\'92d told her to just have a few martinis and sleep it off!  Alan was too happy to pass along a few grey pills he used for his own back, including proper dosage and a warning about their soporific effects.  I thanked him and assured him that Terry and I would watch out for her.\
While preparing coffee I had taken the time to crush the pills and put the powder in the bottom of a paper cup.  It was the same cup into which I now poured Irene\'92s coffee.\
\'93It may be a little strong, sorry.  We drink it strong on these overnight flights.\'94  I handed her the cup and asked, \'93Can I offer you some sugar or creamer?\'94\
In fact, the coffee was decaf, though I had intentionally burned it a bit in the hope that it would cover up the taste of the pills.  I held out a box of sugar cubes and tongs.  Irene sipped her coffee before taking two sugars and a spoon to mix them.\
\'93Oh, that is bitter!\'94\
I smiled and poured myself a cup.  I rarely drink coffee, but I wanted to sell it.\
\'93It\'92s not the best coffee,\'94 I quipped, \'93but it\'92s the right price.  Cheers!\'94\
We chatted and made the same small talk we had before.  She finished off her cup and handed it back to me for disposal.  I\'92d been worried that I\'92d see little gobs of undissolved pill powder, but that didn\'92t seem to be the case.\
\'93Can I offer you anything else?\'94\
\'93I think I\'92ll be fine,\'94 she said.  \'93Thank you again for the pick-me-up.\'94\
She returned to her seat, trying to juggle her purse, her case, and her coat.\
\'93Can I put one of those on the overhead for you?\'94 I offered.\
She considered her answer.  \'93I can just put my purse between my feet for now,\'94 she declined, and then did so.\
The clocks read 1:55 and 4:55.  We\'92d bring the lights up in 95 minutes.  It felt like both an eternity and not nearly enough time.}