{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I thought it through, front to back, and I couldn\'92t figure out any other way.  I needed help.  There was no way for me to get her purse\'97it was on the floor between her feet, past the two men sleeping beside her.\
Harold Sr. was not thrilled that I woke him when I saw Irene nod off.  I whispered into his ear that it was an emergency and asked him to follow me, quietly.  His eyes got big but he pushed himself out of his seat without a word.\
\'93Mr. Washington, I need your help,\'94 I told him in a low voice when we got back to the exit door.  \'93We have a situation with the woman who is sitting in your row.  We believe she may have an explosive device in her purse.\'94\
If possible, his eyes got even wider.\
\'93You can\'92t be serious,\'94 he said.\
\'93Unfortunately I am, sir.\'94\
\'93What can I do?\'94 he asked.\
\'93I need you to get the purse for me.  It\'92s between her feet.  She fell asleep with her case on her lap, so I can\'92t reach for it.  It may involve waking up your son.\'94\
He was silent before asking, \'93Could it go off when I move it?\'94\
I shook my head.  \'93I don\'92t believe so.  She\'92s been carrying it around all night.\'94\
\'93And you\'92re sure it\'92s not in that case of hers?\'94\
No, I was not sure at all.  But when I had been swapping out the folders, I hadn\'92t seen anything that looked like a detonator.  It seemed like the banded folders were the important thing.  Though now that I thought about it, there was clearly something special about the case\'97she could have just stolen Dearborn\'92s case.\
\'93I\'92m not sure, but I don\'92t think so.  If I don\'92t find anything in her purse we may need to search her case.\'94\
\'93Is she going to wake up?\'94\
I shrugged a noncommittal wave of my shoulders.  \'93I hope not, but I have to try.\'94\
He was silent again, staring at me.  If he didn\'92t agree, I had no idea what to try next.\
\'93Let me see what I can do,\'94 he said, and walked back to his seat.\
I hovered near the galley, head craned enough to see Harold Sr. thinking through his options.  He didn\'92t have many.  Irene\'92s case was huge in her lap.  She had fallen asleep with her head rolled into the back corner, against the far wall.\
After a minute of consideration, Harold Sr. put his hand on his son\'92s and whispered something into his ear to wake him up.  Junior gave his father a sleepy look which was answered by Senior\'92s finger across his lips.  Keeping his hand on his son\'92s, Senior leaned over to whisper into Junior\'92s ear.  Junior\'92s jaw tightened, as did his grip on his arm rest.  His head spun to look at his father, then at me, and back.  I gave my best hopeful smile of encouragement.\
Junior closed his eyes and nodded.\
We all turned to watch Irene.  Her breathing was slow and steady.\
Junior moved his feet, staring at her as he did.  She didn\'92t seem fazed, so Junior bent forward and reached for her purse.  He couldn\'92t get an angle past the case with his left arm.  He switched to his right, turning his shoulders to face her.\
There was some jostling of feet, several pauses to ensure she didn\'92t react to whatever he was doing, but he was able to extract the purse.  He passed it along the floor to his father who nudged it into the aisle.  I hooked a strap with my toe and pulled it to me, not lifting it off the ground until it was out of  any possible sight line for her.\
Senior got out of his seat and joined me in the galley.\
\'93Thank you so much,\'94 I said.  \'93I\'92m sorry you had to wake your son.\'94\
He wasn\'92t interested in my thanks.\
\'93Is it in there?\'94 he asked.\
\'93Let\'92s see,\'94 I answered, as I unzipped the purse and began extracting its contents onto the counter.  As much as I wanted to upend the purse into the sink, I knew it would make too much noise.  The clocks behind the purse read 2:18 and 5:18.\
The items were completely normal: a compact mirror, a tube of lipstick, a travel-sized box of tissues, a wallet, several pens, an eyeliner pencil and sharpener, a checkbook and ledger, two tampons, a bag of peanuts, and some loose change.  The lipstick was in the same merlot as her shirt, while the compact had a powder base just a shade darker than her pale skin tone.  Her wallet had her identification, Irene Peters of Macon, Georgia, which matched up to the address on her personal checks.  The ledger for the checkbook had only a single entry with a payee of \'93Groceries\'94.\
It occurred to me that we hadn\'92t given out peanuts on this flight, we\'92d given out cookie wafers.  The bag of peanuts had a label for Bering World Wide Airlines, which I guessed offered flights in and around Alaska.\
\'93I don\'92t see anything,\'94 Harold Sr. said.  \'93What does that mean?\'94\
Instead of answering, I redoubled my efforts.  I felt around the purse.  It had three main compartments, plus some smaller pouches and slots.  Each of the side compartments had a zipper half-way down the inside wall, leading to a secured pocket.  One was empty, but the other held an expensive-looking pen in black and gold.\
\'93Huh,\'94 I said, grabbing a paper beverage napkin.  \'93I wonder \'85\'94\
Using the pens from the main compartment, I wrote the word \'93loop\'94 with each onto the napkin.  I flipped open the checkbook ledger and saw the ink and stroke didn\'92t match any of those pens.  I switched to the expensive fountain pen with the screw top and it matched perfectly.\
\'93That\'92s odd, don\'92t you think?\'94 I asked Harold Sr.\
\'93What?\'94\
\'93When I\'92m at the grocery store, if I pay with a check I probably will use whatever pen they have at the cash register.  If not, I\'92m going to take a pen out of my purse at the same time I take out my checkbook.  And I would never use an expensive fountain pen instead of a ballpoint.  Fountain pens are slow and messy, for birthday cards and letters, not for paying for groceries.\'94\
Holding the pen over the sink, I carefully unscrewed the nib from its case.  The plastic ink reservoir slid free with the nib, revealing a tiny amount of ink that wouldn\'92t have been good for more than a few written pages, along with a small spring.  Something else began to slide out of the case, but I rotated the case to keep it inside.\
\'93Hold out your hand,\'94 I told Harold.  His curiosity got the better of him and he did so immediately.  I turned the pen casing to let its contents slide into his outstretched palm.\
On Harold\'92s hand sat a small aluminum tube, about the length of one of Harold\'92s long fingers, and as big around as my pinky.  It had a screw-cap on one end that looked almost identical to the screw caps on our single serve liquor bottles.\
\'93What is that?\'94 Harold asked.\
\'93I have no idea,\'94 I responded, \'93but we need to know if it\'92s the detonator.\'94\
I picked the tube out of his hand and gingerly unscrewed the cap, half-expecting to hear the familiar boom of explosion.  The cap released and I lifted it away from the tube to reveal a small white button surrounded by black plastic.\
\'93Sweet Jesus,\'94 Harold exhaled.\
\'93Yeah,\'94 I said.\
\'93Put the top back on.  Please.\'94\
But I only half heard him.  Staring at the button I realized that the black plastic around it wasn\'92t just an edge\'97it had markings on it and a cut-out arc through which showed a tiny sliver of red plastic below.\
\'93Do you see that?\'94 I asked him, pointing my index finger of my free hand at the tiny red slot.\
One side of the cut-out had a \'93B\'94, while the other had a \'93P\'94.\
\'93What do you think that means?\'94\
\'93Please put the top back on.  If you drop that thing \'85\'94}