{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \'93How much longer can we stay up here?\'94\
\'93Excuse me?\'94 Simon retorted.\
\'93I am certain there is pressure switch on the bomb.  It will explode if we descend.\'94\
\'93How do you know?\'94\

\i Trial and error.
\i0 \
\'93How I know is not important.  I know.\'94  I looked each of them in the eyes.  \'93Look at me.  Do I seem unsure?\'94\
Lawrence picked up a clipboard and pencil.  While I stared the others down, he did the math.\
\'93An extra fifty minutes.  Maybe fifty-five.  Then we\'92re in the Atlantic.\'94\
\'93No, then we\'92re in pieces.  The bomb is positioned to take out the avionics to the tail.\'94\
Pamela gasped and ran out of the cockpit.\
Lawrence reached down to the panel marked RADIO and hovered his finger over a switch.  \'93I\'92m calling this in.\'94\
\'93I think you should.  Maybe they can be helpful.  But before you do, do either of you know if there\'92s an access panel to the rear luggage compartment?\'94  I pointed at the panel in the floor where I stood.  \'93Like this one?\'94\
\'93Not in a 707,\'94 said Lawrence.  \'93That one just gets you to the electronics and air handling systems.  There isn\'92t a trap for either luggage compartment.  But it can\'92t hurt to double-check.\'94  He picked up a large binder and thumbed through it.  He found the page he was looking for, traced his finger along it, and shook his head.\
A whispered curse escaped my lips causing Simon to squint at me.  I bit my thumb and talked to myself.\
\'93We can\'92t disarm it because we can\'92t get to it.  When it blows we\'92ll spin, roll, and die.  We\'97\'94\
Simon snorted, interrupting me.\
\'93Yes?\'94 I said, with a complete lack of deference that I never would have considered before.\
\'93Do you have any idea how hard it is to spin, much less roll, a 707?\'94  He folded his hands across his chest and looked between me and Lawrence.\
\'93When the bomb explodes, not if,\'94 I said, speaking in a calm and cool voice to Lawrence, \'93the aircraft will go into a flat spin.\'94\
I held out my left hand and made a twisting motion.  I knew they both knew what a flat spin was, but I needed them to realize that I did, too.\
\'93Between thirty and ninety seconds later we will roll.\'94\
My hand, kinked at an angle to my arm, twisted down at the thumb and up at the pinky.\
\'93We\'92ll roll for about ten seconds before the port wing shears off from the stress.\'94\
I curled my pinky and ring finger into my fist, flipping it over to continue the rolling motion.  When my hand came up, only my middle finger was still out, directed at Simon.\
\'93At which point you\'92re flying a very expensive lawn dart.\'94\
The capped detonator was cool in my other hand.  They didn\'92t know about it, and now I was sure I didn\'92t want to tell them.\
\'93Call it in,\'94 I said to Lawrence.  \'93I have a backup plan.\'94\
I walked out of the cockpit, furious at Simon for being such a jerk.\
If I was honest with myself, I was furious not just at him, but at the situation.  This was my sixth time through the same events and I still hadn\'92t solved anything.\
I\'92m not a religious person, but nor do I dismiss the concept of a higher power.  My grandmother\'92s faith was extremely important to her, and to this day I respect those beliefs.\
Whether God, or Mother Earth, or the universe, or just random chance, 
\i something
\i0  had set me on this path.  Something had set up these loops, allowing me to learn and fix things.\
But I haven\'92t 
\i fixed
\i0  anything.  I\'92ve been at this for, what, forty-something hours straight?  My head is throbbing, my stomach is empty, and 
\i I can\'92t fix it.}