{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I made sure to take the front of the drink cart this time.  I wanted to talk to Mr. Dearborn and Mrs. Hamilton in 18.\
It was a weird experience, serving from the front of the cart for the second time.  I hadn\'92t been paying much attention the first time so I didn\'92t have the orders memorized, but some of them were \'85 just 
\i there
\i0 .  Like a half-remembered exchange of dialogue from a favorite movie or book.  You don\'92t quite have it until someone starts saying it, then the words line up and tumble out after each other.\
I didn\'92t know how it would possibly help, but I paid complete attention this time through.  As I stepped from each row to the next I recited the orders from the previous row to solidify them in my memory.  Then I tried to dig up a memory of the orders of the next row.\
I also tried to keep an ear out for what Terry\'92s passengers were ordering and how they were interacting.  That was harder to keep in my head at the same time, but I found the challenge invigorating.  I felt like a spy on a secret mission, gathering intelligence.\
We finished with the Smoking section and I pulled the translucent curtains shut behind me.  A number of passengers had lit up as soon as they\'92d gotten their drinks, so the smoke was becoming palpable.  The air filters would catch up, but these first few minutes of beverage service were always like this.\
I served 18A, B, and C, then turned to my left, holding out a drink napkin.\
\'93What can I offer you this evening?\'94\
The severe-looking redhead in the window seat, Ms. Keats, shot a glance at Mr. Dearborn.  He returned a slight shrug.  Mrs. Hamilton seemed to have missed the exchange, looking up at me and shaking her head.\
\'93Can\'92t,\'94 was all she said, a hand poking out from under her blankets to tap on her chest, indicating her heart.\
\'93Can I at least offer you some more water?\'94  I pointed to the empty cup on the tray in front of her.\
The elderly woman considered it, but then shook her head again.\
\'93Thank you, though.\'94\
\'93Of course.  And for you?\'94  I looked at Ms. Keats.  I had a flash and remembered that Terry had said her name was Jennifer.\
\'93I\'92d kill for a beer,\'94 she said with a voice that was huskier than I\'92d expected.  I couldn\'92t remember if she\'92d said anything the first time through.\
I held up a silver can of beer, cheap of course, for her inspection.\
\'93That\'92s it?\'94\
\'93I\'92m afraid so, though I can also offer a limited selection of mixed drinks.\'94\
\'93No, that will be fine.\'94\
I peeled the tab off the can, dropping it with a clink into the small garbage can on the cart.  I filled a plastic cup, replacing the now-half-full can on the cart beside the rest.\
She accepted the cup and took a sip.  Her eyes fluttered closed and she inhaled through her nose.  The beer wasn\'92t anything to write home about, so she must not have had one in a long time.\
\'93And for you, sir?  We\'92re having a run on Bloody Marys, if you are so inclined?\'94\
He considered it, glancing aside to Mrs. Hamilton, whose eyes were already closed, her head reclined against the seat.\
\'93Sure.  A Bloody Mary sounds great.\'94\
I started to mix it, talking as I worked.\
\'93The mix is pretty mild.\'94  I held up a small red bottle.  \'93Care for an extra kick?\'94\
He smiled and waved off the suggestion.\
\'93I\'92m a lightweight, but thanks.\'94\
I didn\'92t know what I was looking for, but I wasn\'92t ready to move to the next row quite yet.  Thinking fast, I held up the pitcher of ice water to the man.  I didn\'92t say anything but pointed at the empty cup in front of Mrs. Hamilton and cocked my head at him, questioning.\
Again he considered it before answering.\
\'93You know what, Lily?  I could use some water to go with this.  May I?\'94\
\'93Of course, sir.\'94\
I grabbed another cup and poured out a serving.  He accepted it, replaced the cup on Mrs. Hamilton\'92s tray, and gave me the empty with a \'93we\'92ll see\'94 shrug and a spoken \'93thanks\'94.\
I leaned down to whisper to him.\
\'93We\'92re going to have some turbulence later.  Could you make sure she\'92s buckled in before she falls asleep?\'94\
Mr. Dearborn gave a vigorous nod.  I found myself out of stalling tactics, so I smiled and stepped forward to 19.}