{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GentiumPlus;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 The weather came and went, loud and angry but not violent.  I noted the time of the clocks when the 
\i ding!
\i0  Sounded and the FSB light winked out: 12:55 and 3:55.\
Pamela and I didn\'92t say much to each other this time through the storm.  I gave her more details about my interactions with Dearborn, Hamilton, and Keats, but as she hadn\'92t experienced it herself this time she was far less concerned.  She\'92d gone back to her book with a \'93there\'92s nothing we can do about it now, anyway\'94 and the rest of the time passed in silence.\
I also learned that she was a fast reader.  In the two hours we were next to each other she got through another third of her book, which looked to total on the near side of 500 pages.  If left to her own devices she would finish that book before she had to get up and start making the morning coffee.  Once again I had no idea how that could possibly be useful information.\
Terry, I discovered, had given up on his newspaper and had his paperback instead.\

\i That\'92s an interesting change.
\i0 \
He\'92d almost vivisected the newspaper in the last loop he\'92d spent up front.  This time the newspaper looked as if it had been skimmed, not read front to back.  In loop zero he\'92d read his paperback through the storm and most of the pre-dawn hours.  I hadn\'92t been paying enough attention to remember how far he\'92d gotten, but this looked similar enough to that loop.\
Had his position within the airplane made that much of a difference in how he kept himself busy?  Or had I done or said something that led to that difference?\
My eyes widened in sudden realization: I hadn\'92t seen Terry at the end of either loop.  A half-dozen scenarios flitted across my mind\'92s eye: Terry by the rear exit, unconscious from a head wound.  Terry, like me, caught unaware in a lavatory, but stuck behind a jammed door and banging to get free.  Terry passed out from lack of oxygen in one of the passenger rows because he\'92d been trying to get masks on everyone else.\
And worst: Terry getting caught in the first explosion, blown out the gaping hole, and falling limp to the Earth below.\
I replayed the aftermath of explosion two: had I seen Terry and Pamela come back through the curtains as she and I had done after the first?  No.  I\'92d been focused on the hole, but I think I would have noticed that.\
Come to think of it, I hadn\'92t heard either of them over the PA.  The second explosion had only been followed by passengers screaming and the sucking roar of the wind\'97no commanding or comforting flight attendants to the rescue.  What had happened to Pamela and Terry at the end of that loop?\
A low-grade headache set up shop just above the nape of my neck.  I\'92d had a headache both other times through, as well.  Well, that and the cranium-splitter that came on each time just before I looped.\

\i That\'92s a good point.
\i0 \
It could be that my headache is linked to my looping, but right now it felt like a normal headache.  Well, like I said I rarely get headaches, but on the occasions when I had they weren\'92t too different.  I found the galley stash of aspirin and tossed back a pair of pills.\
\'93Everything all right?\'94 Terry asked from behind me.\
\'93Just a small headache.  I\'92m going to grab some food from up front so the aspirin doesn\'92t tear up my stomach.  Want anything?\'94\
\'93Nah.  I had my dinner during the storm.\'94\

\i Huh.  I don\'92t remember that from loop zero.
\i0 \
\'93Be right back.\'94\
Pamela was in the First Class galley, picking her way into a sandwich.  I caught her mid-bite so she gave me a half-wave for a greeting.\
\'93I was just thinking the same thing,\'94 I told her.\
High Desert Air may be a bargain basement airline, but they try to do right by us.  Even on flights without meal service there is always something provided for the flight attendants.  Sandwiches were common, though we might get an upgrade if the catering service at the departure airport was that infrequent combination of both good and cheap.  Some of us will pack a lunch in case the offerings aren\'92t great, but most of us will eat almost anything that isn\'92t junk food.  I think I mentioned that flight attendants and free food go hand-in-hand, right?\
The selection tonight was a turkey sandwich, a turkey sandwich, or if I wanted to go wild, a turkey sandwich.  As Thanksgiving was just over two weeks ago I shouldn\'92t be surprised.  It\'92s a safe assumption that any flights I pick up between now and New Years will probably have the exact same options.\
I\'92m not complaining.  A free, decent sandwich is a free, decent sandwich.\
There was also an extra salad container in the fridge, but a quick glance around the galley didn\'92t find a twin for it, meaning this salad was likely Pamela\'92s.\
Sandwich obtained, I mirrored Pamela\'92s half-wave and walked back to the aft galley.  I thought back to what I remembered from the previous loop: there should be two men in Smoking who are awake, along with Mr. Duchesne and the businesswoman in 27A.  I saw that I was right, though I had forgotten the fine details.  One man was doing a crossword, the other reading, and Mr. Duchesne was returning to his seat from the lavatory.  The businesswoman looked up and smiled as I passed.\
On a whim, I dropped off my sandwich on the galley counter and poked my head around the wall of the coat closet.  The woman caught the motion and looked up at me.\
\'93Can I get you anything?\'94  As the father and son between us were sleeping, I said it just above a whisper, exaggerating the words with my mouth and pointing between myself and the galley.\
The woman considered, then nodded.  She held up a finger, pointed to herself and then the aisle, making the scissor motion for walking.  I nodded and stepped back into the galley, throwing my sandwich into a cupboard to get it out of sight.  Most people on normal schedules wouldn\'92t think about eating at 4am, but you could never be too careful.\
\'93Oh, that\'92s nice,\'94 the woman said as she stepped toward me stretching.    Her Southern accent made it come out 
\i nahs
\i0 .  \'93What time is it?\'94\
This is a tricky question to answer.  We\'92re never sure if passengers want the departure time zone, arrival time zone, or in rare cases the time zone we were flying through at the time.  But given her accent, I assumed Eastern was how she thought of home.\
\'93Just after four.\'94  The next question was obvious, even without the looping, so I answered it before she asked.  \'93It\'92s a bit less than three hours to go.\'94\
\'93What time is our wake-up call?\'94\
There was a piece of paper held to the galley bulkhead behind me that had our exact schedule, but I knew it by heart.\
\'93We\'92ll turn up the lights two hours from now, around 6:15.  That will give everyone a chance,\'94 I flicked my head toward the lavatories, \'93before we start our descent at a quarter to seven.\'94\
\'93Oooo,\'94 she crooned as she turned and walked aft, \'93I should beat the rush.  Pardon me a moment.\'94\
She was dressed in a merlot silk blouse and black tuxedo pant combo that was nice enough to be a little out of place in the aft-end of Coach.  She had a light tan leather purse snugged up under her left shoulder that looked large enough to be uncomfortable.  Terry, still in the jump seat working on his paperback, exchanged hellos with her as she chose a lavatory.\
I stepped out of the galley and snuck a glance at the briefcase now occupying her seat.  It was a deep cabernet leather, oversized even for a man, with polished brass accents and locks that looked as expensive as I\'92d expect from her outfit.  The woman couldn\'92t have been much more than 5\'924\'94, so when she walked it probably looked like she was carrying a steamer trunk.\
She looked to be in her late twenties, maybe a few years older than me.\
Being a flight attendant does weird things to your head when it comes to how you think about other people.  On the one hand you see so many people every day, each with their own story, needs, and desires, that you can\'92t help but appreciate the sheer diversity of human existence.  On the other hand you also see just how easy it is for stereotypes to be true, so it gets hard to not put people into buckets.  Some of us, myself included, turn it into a kind of game, inventing back-stories for the passengers.\
This woman didn\'92t fit into any of those nice, easy buckets.  Each thing about her was a contradiction.  She had an air of maturity and politeness that I associated with women a decade older.  Her briefcase was nice, but clearly meant for a man.  Her clothing was nice, but I thought back to that coat.  The bright avocado green would look awful with her dark red blouse, not to mention the incongruous briefcase.  And while it was rare but not exceptional that someone in Coach stayed awake through an overnighter, I can\'92t think of the last time it was because they were working.  That kind of thing was far more common in First Class.\
I couldn\'92t figure out her story.\
On another whim, I stepped across the aisle and pulled out a blanket from storage, putting it down on the counter next to me.\
The woman stepped out of the lavatory and walked over to the exit door.\
A passenger walking up to the exit door mid-flight is to a flight attendant what a suspect reaching into his jacket is to a cop.  Flight attendants and cops both know that the vast majority of people aren\'92t stupid enough to do anything unexpected, but that twist in the gut will always be there.\
She didn\'92t do anything crazy, just put her hands to the sides of the small window and pressed her face to it.\
\'93Huh.\'94  She said.  \'93Not much to see.\'94\
\'93What\'92s keeping you up all night?\'94  I asked when she returned.\
\'93I have a tight deadline for work.\'94\
\'93Can I make you some coffee?\'94\
The woman considered the question, then said \'93that would be nice, thank you.\'94\
\'93It\'92ll just take a minute to brew,\'94 I said as I turned into the galley and went fishing for the tin of coffee grounds. \'93What do you do, if I may ask?\'94\
\'93I do research and legwork for contract negotiations.\'94\
Impressed, I paused and blinked.  \'93That sounds intense.  What does it involve?\'94\
\'93Too many late nights, I\'92m afraid.\'94  She chuckled, then continued.  \'93Let\'92s say you\'92re a company that wants to acquire something from another company.  It might be equipment or technology or even people.  You would hire me to look into the best way to go about it.  I would tell you to make an open cash offer, or to go through a third party, or maybe even to use the legal system.\'94\
I punched the button to start the coffee machine and turned back to her.\
\'93Like due diligence?\'94\
The woman shrugged, noncommittal.\
\'93I\'92m usually involved a step or two before official due diligence.  I make sure it\'92s worth going down that particular road at all.\'94\
\'93Oh, so you don\'92t work for a law firm?\'94\
\'93I\'92m an independent contractor.  It\'92s just me.\'94\
\'93How do you like that?\'94\
\'93Being a contractor?\'94\
\'93Working for yourself.\'94\
She paused again to consider, looking to the ceiling.  The coffee gurgled behind me.\
\'93It\'92s hard work, and not as regular as I would like.  When a client comes along I have to work to show them I\'92m worth my rates.\'94  She smiled, more to herself than to me.  \'93Besides, I don\'92t play well with others.  That\'92s what makes me good at my job.\'94\
\'93You seem perfectly nice to me,\'94 I said.  I heard the coffee machine click off and turned to grab a cardboard cup with our stylized HDA logo.\
\'93Why thank you, sugar, you\'92re too sweet.\'94\
\'93What kind of a background to you need for that?\'94 I asked as I poured out her cup.  There was no point in letting this pot cook for the next two hours, so I turned off the machine.\
She laughed to herself before answering.\
\'93I\'92m sure it\'92s probably something like a business or law degree, but I never got one.  An old friend of mine got me into it.  I was hooked after that very first job.  Thanks,\'94 she said, taking the cup and holding it to her face with both hands.\
\'93I also thought you might get chilly in that corner.\'94  I put my hand on the blanket I had set out.  \'93Would you like a blanket?\'94\
Her eyebrows went up in surprise.\
\'93That is so nice of you!  Thank you but not right now.\'94  She held up the cup.  \'93This will keep me warm enough.  Do you mind if I drink it back here?  I\'92m not ready to sit back down again.\'94\
\'93Please do.  I\'92m just going to put this away,\'94 I said, lifting the blanket.  She stepped back to let me get to the storage closet.\
\'93How long have you been flying?\'94\
I resumed my place, leaning against the galley counter.\
\'93Six months.\'94\
\'93Is that all?  You\'92re very professional.  It seems like you\'92ve been doing this for years.\'94\
\'93Thank you.  My grandmother was a stewardess and she raised me.  I\'92ve been in training since I was a baby.\'94\
\'93Tell her I said she\'92s doing a fine job.\'94  She smiled, but it faltered as she caught something in my expression.  I don\'92t have the mask that Pamela does.\
\'93She would have loved to have heard that, thank you.\'94\
\'93Oh, I\'92m so sorry, sweetie.\'94\
An awkward beat passed when I regained my smile.  It hurt that she was gone, but I had meant what I said.  She\'92d have beamed to hear those words, and picturing her expression raised my spirits.\
The woman spoke first.\
\'93Before I sit down, I did have one more question.\'94\
\'93You\'92re welcome back here as long as you\'92d like, but go on.\'94\
\'93I have recently acquired a very unladylike vice,\'94 she said, pointing to the Smoking section.  \'93Am I allowed while everyone is still sleeping, or do I need to wait until you turn the lights back on?\'94\
\'93As long as you are discreet you should be fine.\'94\
She nodded, taking the last pull on her coffee before handing the cup back to me.\
\'93It was lovely talking with you, Lily.\'94\
\'93It was mutual.\'94  I winked at her.  \'93I appreciate the company.\'94\
I watched her walk up the aisle, digging in her purse as she did so.  She wasn\'92t watching where she was going and stumbled into one of the rows close to the curtain.  A man turned to face her and I had another gut-twisting moment of panic.  From his thick neck and salt and pepper hair I realized that it was Dearborn.  She made the exaggerated gesticulations of an apology and it looked like Dearborn waved her off.\
She\'92d been lucky\'97I knew Dearborn was one of only a few people still awake.  It could have gotten ugly if she had woken someone up.\
The curtain closed behind the woman and I grabbed for my sandwich, tearing into it.}